"Don't worry about this part, we'll come back to it later"
“I’ll tell you what this function does in a second” never tells you what the function does
you forgot the part where you say "Don't worry about this for now"
Week 1 - variables Week 2 to 3 - conditionals Week 4 to 6 - loops Assignment - Minecraft
They actually go into a painful level of detail for everything you already knew and then just skim over the things you actually needed explained.
“you can download the codes in my description” empty description
“Link in the desc” Desc: thanks for watching
You forgot the part where there are 113 errors detected after copy pasting the code.
- Error in code -Searches Google for an answer - Finds that someone had the same question - It was from 2012 and it has no replies...
"I have a problem" "me too" "me too" "me too" "me too" "thread closed"
"I'll explain it in the next part" last posted 7 years ago
I was learning the Julia programming language in university, and this is exactly how the lectures went: Lecture 1: Variables Lecture 2: Arrays Lecture 3: Build a convolutional neural network that can recognise various types of animals and.
"You can get this giant wall of code from the link in the description" Link has been dead for 3+ years
“You know how it goes” I do not know how it goes.
This is so accurate, even not having the code in the description is accurate
"What this does is make your computer... Like... Do stuff" Gold
“You know how it goes” “No. No I don’t”
There is also those 2 comments next to each other “It worked perfectly thanks” “It doesn’t work”
I can confirm this is how my programming classes were...
"So, before starting this Python tutorial, I expect you to already have mastered C++"
To try everything Brilliant has to offer—free—for a full 30 days, visit https://brilliant.org/TheCodingSloth/ . The first 200 of you will get 20% off Brilliant’s annual premium subscription.
A thing you didnt mention is to not fall into the AI hell hole, when ai genetates your code and you tell yourself it makes sense but then cant recreate it. I do think at some point you'll have to learn to use ai to your adventage, especial.
Sloth :'What do you want to make?' Me : "Money"
procrastinating on my coding homework by watching this
I learned programming 43 years ago, and wanted to pick up some new knowledge this year. Thing is, back then there were no distractions, you started your tool and perhaps picked up a book and then went for it. Now I am watching one video af.
I'm a doctor and I don't know how this ended up in my algorithm. I ain't gonna complain tho. This is amazing.
Man, I clicked in this video just for fun because I loved the sloth in the thumbnail but WTF THIS IS SUCH A COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH TOWARDS HOW TO LEARN CODE HAHAHAHAH THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS VIDEO MAN! Got a new subscriber!
I'm in tutorial hell
As someone who just decided to start exploring this "coding world", I gotta say this video had the best advices out there, thanks man
To get started, 1) choose a language. It does not matter which, so choose whatever looks the most fun. 2) get the "C++ for dummies" book (or whatever language you chose in step #1) 3) stay off YouTube. It will waste your time. 4) work thro.
I’m a former Tutorial Hell programmer, and a current senior CS student in college. The biggest lesson I’m taking away from my classes is that you can teach yourself anything by reading textbooks. Yep, textbooks. Sounds boring, but when I w.
my brain aint braining
this song really got me staring out the window like i’m in some emotional coming-of-age film 😭 elite vibe
I got out of tutorial hell by facing the real world. I’m not even joking. I somehow got hired for a project that was going to pay me 80k with ZERO and I mean it ZERO knowledge on the tech stack. Imagine going into Shopify without knowing l.
"what do you want to make? why do you want to code?" bruh i just wanna get a job and my brain aint braining
I cannot believe it took me this long to find something that explained HTML, CSS, and JS in simple terms like at 4:15, I'm sure there's a level of understatement but that is the most succinct I've ever seen anyone explain it
0:20 finally there is hope for me
I've spent way too much time learning how to code. In my experience by far the best way to learn is if you see something that you don't understand. Search up what it does. You'll never spend a day coding where you know 100% of what you're.
3:04 i just love it
3:33 omg that is insane XD
Don't forget about warp ;) http://go.warp.dev/crin ⚠FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ⚠: - python bad/why python? | For most people it's very versatile and will provide immense value over time, it's also easier for complete beginners to learn, an.
> picks c++ as first language > dies
If you thought I had ADHD, youre wrong. I’ve only clicked out of this video 4 times since i began watching. 1:57
do you wear the programming socks while programming?
Agree on AI usage. My recommendation is to treat it like an interactive documentation - you tell it "hey, I'm writing a Python script that needs the user to type something in the console. It should save the user's answer into a variable. W.
because you said it doesnt matter what language i started with HolyC. this language is crazy its like it talks to me :)
i'm a full time dev and was burnt out of programming, your vids helped me remember how fun it can be thxxx :3
All it takes is finding one thing you're passionate about. I hated trying to learn programming so much I thought I was braindead. Now I'm writing game engines without even realizing I haven't gotten up for half a day. Try as many fields/su.
Ill watch this later
0:13 bro has the same tutorial I was stupidly watching 💀
1:30 was the moment my brain stopped understanding
purrs all over ur video
I am currently working towards my CS degree and have felt severely burnt out from programming for a long time. This video has made me want to start fresh and take programming seriously again. Thank you for making this.
No joke, probably the one channel that actively keeps my attention, respects my time and provides examples I can understand. Somehow gave me more engaging mini project ideas in the last 3 minutes than I had in an entire semester
aint gonna lie to u twin i clicked on the video only cuz i saw yui
2:41 Uh actually 🤓👉 that's not "string formatting", it's f-string interpolation 🤓👆
its 1:38 and im already lost 🔥
0:45 Told me he knew exactly how to learn programming most efficently and as fun as possible
I've spent around 10 hours total in the past 10 years learning how to program. I'm going to see if rewatching this video multiple times helps improve my motivation and attention span so that I can finally spend another hour learning
my goat finally posted this vid <3
When your up at 3:00am thinking: its time to learn coding
Rockstar: *Still Haven't made GTA 6* Me: Fine I'll do it myself
I'm a 68 year old lady and I wanted to pick up a new hobby! Thank you for helping me❤️
Anyone 2026❤😅😊 0:50
This always looks so simple till you have to do it yourself
Who is here at 2025?😂 Edit: dang
The real problem starts when you don't have a computer ;-)
Im glad im not the only one who randomly got motivatedd to learn programing
Edit : No one knows what replies are about🤣❤
Every talking about making games, I wanna make a remote control potato.
When half life 3 hasn’t been released so you learn to code: fine, I’ll do it myself
STarting today as future programmer and I'm still a kid, I'm fast learner.
Everything looks easy until 'hello world' Edit: thanks for writing hello world in so many languages, that has HeLpEd
Just starting middle school but have always dreamed of starting a computer programming company. Thank you so much.
I Shall Make A Minecraft “2”
At 55 and a half years old, I embarked on a journey into cybersecurity, despite having no prior coding experience. My new teacher discouraged me, telling me I was wasting my time and money simply because I was eager to learn and asked a lo.
I wanted to release this video for a while now! We are living in the future and programming is so important. I regret not starting when I was younger, don't make the same mistake I did! Anyways, I hope you like the new style of video I did.
1:50 when the video actually starts.
From cracked game tutorials to official content. Hell yeah.
I'm ten years old and i really love proggraming and after 3 weeks of practice on this website i competed in a national programming compitition and won and went to uk and im from Ethiopia.
Absolute pleasure working on this. Thanks again for the opportunity!
Today marks my programming journey. Yesterday, I bought a laptop specifically to learn how to code with my end goal being able shift my career at the start of 2025. Wish me luck and God bless you all.
I'm finishing my bachelor's in CS next month and I'm watching this because you never want to forget the fundamentals, you always come back to this stuff.
People should appreciate the effort of this channel because this channel is sharing knowledge more than we deserve for free and many people still don't know about this. What a SHAMEEE!!
This is the ONLY beginner course I've found that actually explains stuff properly for... BEGINNERS! Every other course whether free or paid has started with "place a variable here" without explaining WHAT A VARIABLE IS. It's all fine a goo.
Me at 3am : let's learn programming😁 Okay so after watching 20mins I learned Computers are DuMb
I just started a coding class and the teacher is assuming all of the class already has basic notions of programming. A few of us don't, including myself. This is exactly what I needed. Thank you so much.
⌨️ (00:05) Introduction ⌨️ (01:37) What is Programming? ⌨️ (06:19) How do we write Code? ⌨️ (11:44) How do we get Information from Computers? ⌨️ (14:46) What can Computers Do? ⌨️ (20:43) What are Variables? ⌨️ (25:02) How do we Manipulate.
why did i wake up listening to this hello
Corona : I made humans die Also Corona : I made humans learn
44:00 If anyone is confused about this example regarding rows and columns, the narrator has made a mistake and switched it to columns and rows instead. In the first example, (0,2 Position) will give you the answer of Arnold and not Clint..
⭐️ Course Contents ⭐️ ⌨️ (00:05) Introduction ⌨️ (01:37) What is Programming? ⌨️ (06:19) How do we write Code? ⌨️ (11:44) How do we get Information from Computers? ⌨️ (14:46) What can Computers Do? ⌨️ (20:43) What are Variables? ⌨️ (25:02).
My IT friends said programming is difficult and I said that's the main reason I want to do it. I like challenges and it doesn't matter how long it will take me to master it but I will never give up.
Studying a Computer Science degree atm and skimmed through this video, can confirm this is really good and the fact this is free you guys are absolute legends. Good on ya
I am an 18-year-old high school student pursuing a career in computer science with no programming experience. Just a few days ago, me and my friend were sitting in a waiting shed when he started talking about the basic concepts of computer.
Finally.... Why didn't y'all start here? 🤗😄
A wise man once said : « Next up , we’re gonna be talking about loops,so what exactly are loops? Next up, we’re gonna be talking about loops, so what exactly are loops ? Next up, we’re gonna be talking about loops, so what exactly are loop.
Finally, I did it, It took me around 6-7 hours to complete it including making notes and it has been very useful and I am fully satisfied. Thanks, Steven and Shawn.
00:00 Learn the basics of computer programming in 21 segments. 06:59 Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) provide useful tools for programmers to write and compile code smoothly. 19:05 Variables are essential for storing and referenc.
cant believe im actually taking notes like in an actual class.. 2020 has definitely changed me
“Mahad, you could build a calorie counter!” ABSOLUTELY VIOLATED 💀
People who love coding👇
Fun fact: the reason Gohar said Shayan could build a star tracker since Shayan has a space channel, and Mahad is cooked in the brotherly beef
they used to teach us SCRATCH in school and seeing this made me so nostalgic 😭😭
People make fun of Scratch, but honestly, it's one of the best ways to learn basic coding ideas, once you learn Scratch you can look at most code and find similarities to Scratch. It teaches you things like indentation, variables, etc. and.
Telling your brother to build a calorie counter is WILD
That bottle saying "hello world" was just the cherry on top
mahad's calorie counter was a violation 😭😭😭
This video motivated me to start coding. I am now making an engine in C++ and openGL.
"So simple a 5 year old could understand" 2 seconds in and I'm already lost
I wonder who's Gohar's favorite brother after he suggested Mahad build a calorie counter 💀
OMG i was taught scratch in 2nd grade lmao that was nostalgic
Bro became Dora the Explorer of Coding for his brothers 💀
I have learned coding because I wanted to achieve (useful) skills and be more productive. It has been a year now since I've started learning to code and I am still going. 👍 P.S for those asking, it really is worth it, to learn coding, beca.
That’s Claude at the end for the projects lmfao
I’ve been coding for 7 years now but I always come back to scratch for some reason. Just the challenge of having to make every function yourself and solve every problem in a unique and efficient way is what makes it so fun. While it is a p.
As a programmer, I can confirm that learn to code process is true.
That doing algorithms straight after getting basics done is brilliant. I really wish I could show my younger self this video and also yell at him to "STOP MEMORIZING THE FREAKING SYNTAX"
I started coding when I was 5. I started with a few years of scratch, with the help of my parents.I built simple games and projects which helped me understand the fundamental concepts of programming. When I was 7, I eventually moved on to.
One of my goals in life is to go to college for Cybersecurity and create a Cybersecurity firm. You've helped keep that alive Gohar!
check this out -> eraysona.com
you know what's harder than learning programming? installing multiple applications, libraries, and trying to configure many things and many more lol! that will burn you out even before coding, if i be sitting in a desktop where there's no.
it's literally 1AM (spain) and you just made me feel excited to start applying what you said in the video, huge thanks bro
0:34 Leave my bro, Bro Code, he anit done nothing to you. he taught me everything
its rare that you find a person on yt that isnt braindead explained it perfectly for people who don't know a line of code yet, this what they actually need to hear
You will never know it all. So if you know a little bit, you’re already on par with just about everyone else. You may master a couple things, but you can always look up the things you don’t know. Which will be most things. Forever
This is the best of advice I’ve heard in regards to learning to code. It’s true.
Now I just have to go watch 50+ other videos on why I should learn to code
First thought this will be like every other beginner tutorial vedios,then saw it was only 4 minutes and yea worth it
this feels reassuring to watch. i feel like im an idiot asking the internet how to do everything but to know im not the only one? thats reassuring. I’ve been building my dream website for almost 2 months love. i love the journey
I start java bt I have no friends
Many juniors miss this: AI increased competition, so soft skills and the 3-Step Framework aren’t optional anymore.
It's 12:27 AM , I AM MOTIVATED BY YOUUU!
0:11 i once watched some small parts of george hotz making some car movement recorder system in a random 10 hour stream. Bro was googling py game functions
0:23 W reference to hackers
This video summed up all the other videos trying to explain the same thing... He just went straight to the point "you learn by struggling". That's something other devs will never tell you, they never tell you to build something you can't d.
if i ever do something bad like really bad like hack pentagon and start atom bombs just know that this guy motivated me to do this
bro you sorted so much of my life , and suddenly i am so so much excited to code and build stuff ........... gonna watch this daily until it's my second nature
This video represents me very well to be fair !!! When I learned html and css I started working on a huge website project ( did vibe coding with JavaScript ) I realized I've learned a lot in this journey than I ever did watching, I was sea.
The best video I watched that really showed me how to be a better coder 🙂‍↕️❤️
Sponsored by TripleTen! Improve your career using my code “EASY” for 30% off on all their programs! Sign up for a FREE TripleTen career consultation with the link: https://get.tripleten.com/easyactually
As someone who has passed tutorial hell, dont give up on projects if you cant solve problems. Once you get invested in a project enough, you will automatically get interested in solving the problem. The push at the start to atcually start.
I can’t wait for the “Learning how to fly is easy, actually”
As a programmer for 7 years, programming is only intimidating as a concept. Once I got it down, it was so easy. TY FOR THIS VIDEO
The idea of ascending from tutorial hell to project heaven gives me hope
Seeing you post is like seeing a wizard come into your small medival town
Didn’t start learning coding until I was 41. Also being dyslexic it was a challenge but if I can do it anyone can.
most of the advice is geared towards people who want to get a tech job, but I just want to make creative projects like games, interactive art and silly raspberry pi projects
Data Scientist here. Can confirm the feeling of never knowing "as much as I should" still hasn't gone away, but what has changed is that I no longer get overwhelmed/intimidated by the thought of how am I going to get this code to do what I.
9:44. That Pro Tip 100% true
me a third year cs student: hmm I should really learn how to code by now
Y’all think coding is fun, but when you take coding class in school you won’t be laughing😭🙏
From a Full Stack Developer , here are the tips : How to learn coding ? : Do Project. How to pass a interview ? Leetcode , interview skill is not the same as your programming skill.
What also helps is putting on thigh highs, a skirt, a collar, and cat ears
"what if you're not passionate about anything" LOL real.
these videos are weirdly addictive
BEST ADVICE. Learning to code is just learning to learn better and faster. You will never know everything. Different tools have different use cases. We dont write single page websites in C++ and we dont write production grade games in Java.
0:11 Hey that's my toothbrush!
As a SW engineer, this is 100%. The number one thing that gets you experience and helps you land a job is doing side projects. It’s a win win.
Coding by itself is easy. The key logic is only a few lines. The rest is biolerplate that will be deprecated next year. And memorizing it destroys brain cells. The difficult part is all the required stuff that is not coding: security, erro.
Hey guys, I’ve been getting a lot of the same questions/comments so I thought I’d knock them out here. 1. “Over a decade working in tech”. I did sales and marketing for a couple of tech companies before learning how to code. I lumped those.
Step 1:- Buy a laptop
I think you hit on something that not many people talk about, which is "How to learn how to learn". Finding a mentor is an overlooked but important step in the modern pursuit of education. I have already sent this to three people and it wi.
I learned to code in four months too but all the print "Hello World!" jobs were already taken
6 applications!? 4 interviews!? 3 job offers!? bro this was made two years ago and it feels..
What I learn from you is, don't be lazy. Go to the gym, study, eat and repeat.
"Coding is not complicated but it's just Hard to remember" - me
I’m a simple man. I see a video with coding and memes, I hit subscribe.
this video feels really immersive because the pacing and editing stay perfectly balanced throughout 😭 honestly when transitions, cuts and music flow naturally together like this, the whole content instantly feels way more cinematic and sat.
The words "I realized that I learned how to code, not exactly how to program" hit me really hard since I am also stuck with just knowing the logic but not knowing how to apply them. Thank you so much Tim! I am really inspired by your exper.
Coding might not be complicated, but putting those pieces of lessons together to build a real life project is the main deal. Congrats on your journey Kim
wow a youtuber that tells you EVERYTHING and doesn't gatekeep, thank you!
What i learn after watched this video : 1. Learn how to learn 2. Start learn from basic 3. Find expert mentor and learn from them 4. Consistent and persisten 5. Don't be shy if you don't know something or you just a newbie, don't be afraid.
Dude, I started learning Python recently and I did this because I want to restart. I'm 45 years old and I'm so proud and thankful of and for you!
The roadmap you've followed is absolutely correct and every beginner should follow!!! It is an expert level
this video feels really cinematic because the pacing and music stay perfectly synced throughout 😭 honestly smooth transitions and natural editing flow like this make the whole content way more immersive and satisfying to watch.
I've just graduated college on July 17, 2023. I didn't learned about coding in my college days and I thought it's not for me. It's so upsetting because I can't understand what my teacher teaches. And now after graduating I've decided to st.
key takeaways 1. dedicate time to the craft 2. Learn how to Learn 3. Find a Mentor 4. Define the Parameters of the Job 5. Message Hiring Managers 6. Interview 7. Profit
I started with Python and C and now I dream about code. I've had 10+ concussions and always struggled with learning. All it takes is dedication and pacing. I like to learn in a variety of ways; coding apps on my phone I use in bursts when.
2:21 "I would sit by my computer and hours and hours would go by" Relatable. I always wondered why my ass ain't being productive in front of computer screen. Seeing it in 3rd person is a huge wake-up call for me.
🎁 Get FREE Robotics & AI Resources (Guide, Textbooks, Courses, Resume Template, Code & Discounts) – Sign up via the pop-up at https://kevinwoodrobotics.com/ 📝 Real-World Robotics Project Course Overview and Waitlist: https://forms.gle/xu4r.
I’m blown away by how good this tutorial is!
Thanks for teaching me everything about C++!
Wtf😂😂
I want full videos please
That was helpful thank you buddy
by what,App that we can practice c++
Ohhh now I see
Life changing 😂
I want to Learn programming an Data analysis
I find this interesting 🤔
What? 😅
I like. C++
Yeah thanks man. That was helpful?
$$\text{Rotation around X-axis:} \quad \begin{pmatrix} x' \\ y' \\ z' \end{pmatrix} = \begin{pmatrix} 1 & 0 & 0 \\ 0 & \cos\theta & -\sin\theta \\ 0 & \sin\theta & \cos\theta \end{pmatrix} \begin{pmatrix} x \\ y \\ z \end{pmatrix}$$
They should be called (fu£$ me) language not C++
It is make
Everybody is hating but you not listening to him
are you seriously now
So terse, yet incorrect.
Click the "JOIN" button below the video to support freeCodeCamp.org!
Shoutout to other students trying to learn a semester of classes in 1 night, we can do it D':
A programmer was going out and his wife to him "While you are outside, please buy some milk". The programmer never came back.
Shoutout to the confused peopme who just woke up
bro I read the comments and surprised to see that alot of people came to this video while they were asleep
For people still confused on Pointers, I thought of a little analogy: Say your friend wants to know where you live. Think of your hometown as memory, with lots of houses being stored (variables), and addresses to locate them (pointers). Yo.
Shout out to everyone who are trying to utilize this quarantine to do something productive.
I am 51 year old woman, who studied computer science at school. I really loved it, but then I got a rubbish computer science teacher and destroyed my love of the subject. I am now studying your course because I want to become a computer pr.
Achieving success in trading requires significant effort, as it involves training your mind to counteract natural instincts. It means purchasing when everyone is panicking, selling when there’s excitement. I've been attempting for some tim.
they designed an almost 4 hr tutorial and they have not given any ads though they can earn lots of money from ads ....this shows how much they care for their viewers they deserve 100M subs for sure ....totally loved their course .....thank.
Literally this is what my 1st semester was all about and he even explained the topics better within just 3 hours!
0:00:00) Introduction ⌨️ (0:01:22) Windows Setup ⌨️ (0:05:02) Mac Setup ⌨️ (0:09:04) Hello World ⌨️ (0:12:51) Drawing a Shape ⌨️ (0:20:56) Variables ⌨️ (0:32:25) Data Types ⌨️ (0:38:32) Printf ⌨️ (0:45:22) Working With Numbers ⌨️ (0:52:20).
The most forwarding teacher on the earth. Straight to the point, precise, simple !!! We all want you as a TEACHER !!!
engineering first year whole syllabus in 4 hrs NOICE
You're just too detailed and sequential. If we had lecturers like you at all universities, we would be overloaded with programmers in the world. Thanks man
*copy pasted from description because i use mobile Course Contents ⌨️ (0:00:00) Introduction ⌨️ (0:01:22) Windows Setup ⌨️ (0:05:02) Mac Setup ⌨️ (0:09:04) Hello World ⌨️ (0:12:51) Drawing a Shape ⌨️ (0:20:56) Variables ⌨️ (0:32:25) Data T.
30:42 7 years ago, how did he know?
I got a 98% in my introduction to programming and algorithms class in C without reading any of the assigned material and SOLELY watching this video and googling a bit of logic so THANK YOU!!! HIGHLY recommend for beginners.
I passed my exam with your help
dude mike knows every coding language Jesus
Indian tech tutorials 🗿 Indian tech support 💀💀
Random indian youtuber with 7.6k subscribers ☠️🗿
2 min long and 7 years ago is mandatory
Respect for every indian tutorial maker 🛐
Indian tech tutorials are amazing.
Pros of watching Indian tutorial - no intro - no begging for like and subscribe - no sponsors - to the point - clear accent Note - clear accent means you can spell the word easily on your mind.
Me struggling with a task 🤕 The Indian Guy with a bollywood accent: I Got Ya Bro 🗿
I want to take this chance to thank random Indian guy from the bottom of my heart
Indian tech tutorials are the best 🇮🇳 It's a sign of smartness when they can make easy to understand hard concepts. Greetings from France.
Самое забавное, что их английский понятнее, чем у американцев или британцев
Watching tutorials are better than 97% of Indian schools and colleges
indian : tech teachers 🔥 Indian : math teachers 🐐😎😈
The harder the accent The better the video
Indians really nurtured my coding.The best teachers we'll ever have
They either be scammers or the smartest mfs in the world
bro the Indian YouTube vids with an accent always carry
Blud collecting indian audience 🍷🗿
When I start my coding journey I have perception that foreign instructor are best, but after showing that foreign students take help from Indian Instructor and watching their tutorial I am convinced that Indian are GOAT ♑
That one random Indian tutorial always saves me 🔥
Ain't gonna lie... But when it comes to teaching... India has an outstanding collection of teachers. For any courses.
I like it
If i were trying to make an inventory system, would i use <li> sword, shield, potion</li> ??? Ofc there would be more to it but is that a basic why? Idk im still very new to this stuff
didn't understand a thing
Number 7 not blod it's bold✅
Amazing basics
Good 👍
Thnks❤
Hey! I have another question, for coding my Snake game as. I’d love to get some feedback from a professional like you on what type of format of language I should be using (eg: HTML, JavaScript, or other types) and why? Thank you!!
Thank u so much it really help me
Excellent 🎉 basics
<ol > tag ?
OMG TYSM
Thanks for ur help❤
I loved that
Best vedio❤
Thanks 👍
Tysm, I needed this for TSA
So cool
I’m learning ⌨️
This video goes straight to my favorites!
I wanna be a full time scratch engineer fr
Assembly programmers: Intense gigachad music
bro took "the less i know the better" to a whole nother level
i feel like coding a full game on scratch is more impressive that coding a full game in unity, c++, python, java, etc. edit: okay because people dont understand what im saying, IM TALKING ABOUT FULL, COMPLETE GAMES! NOT RANDOM INCOMPLETE P.
As a 4 year senior scratch developer in elementary school I can confirm this
the thumbnail did him dirty 😭😭
Minecraft red stone: just a picture of giga chad
As a senior scratch coder (2017 - PRESENT) I can confirm scratch is the best, no competition.
Redstone programmers: *intense villager noises*
This looks like a video, but it's actually an animation built in scratch. If you look closely you can see the costume changes.
How to learn "c++" from "scratch"?
Especially when you code a 3d game on scratch
petition for Scratch 4.0 not only to come out but to support 60+ fps, 3D, FHD world, cloud variables to update faster than 1/10 second
what is bro using a keyboard for on scratch 💀💀
Scratch walked so unreal blueprints could run
Using scratch in elementary school had me feeling like I was a game developer working on a triple A
Bro did us java developers dirty
Scratch is because they have the resources. In JavaScript, YOU are the resources
Scratch JR: 👶 Scratch: 🍷🗿
the thumbnail be looking like he be gonna whip it out
How I would learn code (if I were to start from scratch) 👩‍💻 https://youtu.be/ANLQLe6uQ5o
I learned python because it's basically english written in a weird way for computers to understand, now im suffer trying to learn C++
Java: If you want to cry your eyes out on a corporate job you hate but don't want to leave because the wage is too sweet
my interest is gardening, idk why i get coding shorts lmao
JavaScript: web development Java: PUBLIC, PRIVATE, STATIC
I really love how you framed this, no 'these are the best languages' but really taking languages for what they are, being a tool, for which fit some paradigms a lot better than others
For GameDev I personally recomend learning C# or C++ for Unity or Unreal game engines which are very popular and loved by a ton of devs.
Ngl I thought python was for robotics
If you want to learn gameplay programming, C++ and C# are the best options
For app development you should also consider learning dart for Flutter. That way you can target both platforms at once (and more). Dart is even a bit easier I'd say.
I ❤ C
Java: I think Lewis hates me
I use C for everything lmao
Rn I'm trying to learn programming as a hobby. I'm taught Java in school and am learning python at home
I use C++ for anything but web-related stuff. It's like an emotional support language to me lol
Well flutter for both OS
python is a very beginner friendly language. but unless you want to go into ml or data science i’d recommend moving on to a more standard oop language like c/ c++ or java as soon as you have the basics down
You forgot the legend : JS
He smirked when he said C++
What programming language do you want to learn? 👩‍💻
Don't forget to SUBSCRIBE to join me in THE PROGRAMMERS REALM! 🚀
his coding is this fire ???
I LOVE PROGRAMMERS REALM
How can you open this window? I'm so new and there are just >>> or 'new file' thing
Best beginner channel
name = input("What is your name? ") print("Hello, " + name + "!") print(5 + 3) # Adds numbers print(10 - 4) # Subtracts print(2 * 6) # Multiplies print(8 / 2) # Divides
how do you run it?
This explained the topic so clearly I’m questioning reality.
Love this !! 😊
Nice Teaching Sir
This exceeded every expectation I had!
What of " write or write ln" And "Read or Read ln
I love this
what compiler website is he using
a = hello world Print (a)
I love programming
4 ways to write Hello World: print(“hello world”) var=“hello world” print(var) var1 = “hello” var2 = “world” print(var1 + var2) text = “Hello World” if text == “Hello World”: print(“hello” + “world”)
can u use css on it
when i go to python its just a website someone help me please
How to download?
Code with explanation is here: https://aitoolz.ai/impress-your-crush-using-python-code/
Print("hello world") Damn i thought i was very good!!!!
first of all we need to have a crush :
So cool gonna try it with my best friend ❣️
👍🏿 nice
Here is one I'm still working on. My significant other's name starts with an A and it needs some tweaking: import turtle import random # Setup screen screen = turtle.Screen() screen.bgcolor('black') screen.title("Heart with Letter A and Ma.
Meanwhile me: print("I just farted.")
I don't have a crush, but I wanted to see what you could do
When you crush is Your CS teacher💀🙌
honestly ryne is so good for learning python. if your code keeps crashing you can just run it in their sandbox and it highlights the exact line that broke
I was waiting that Turtle is going to show up 😂 I don’t know about coding but I’m willing to learn where should I start? I don’t want to become a Web Developer!!
Ty bro!
bro can we write her name on that bro , im planning wishe her on her birthday using this code . bro i just started learning python and i found this vid ( HOPE YOU WOULD REPLY)
"You are my first girlfriend" "then who was zeroth?"
"Pensize???"💀💀😭😭🙏🙏
I’m convinced you have superpowers.
First step : Get a crush
import math from turtle import * def hearta(k): return 15*math.sin(k)**3 def heartb(k): return 12*math.cos(k)-5*\ math.cos(2*k) -2*\ math.cos(3*k) -\ math.cos(4*k) speed(0) bgcolor("black") for i in range(6000): goto(hearta(i)*20, heartb(i.
Great, now all I need is a crush
i want to make my pycharm like this please can you tell me how to do it of different colour font and italics
when i was 7 shakira was 22, now I'm 22 and shakira is 22.
So basically, Mariah Carey owns Christmas and Shakira owns every World Cup.
Shakira needs fifa ❌ Fifa needs shakira ☑️
Absolutely, Shakira is the real winner of the World Cup. 😘
At this point Shakira should just be the official artist for the FIFA World Cup forever bro 😂👍🏻
She doesn't need the World Cup... the World Cup needs her.😘
“The World Cup feels incomplete without Shakira’s songs.”
The moment Shakira starts singing, it feels like the World Cup officially began
This girl was born to make music for world cup
You can't have the FIFA World Cup without Shakira.
2006: Bamboo 2010: Waka Waka 2014: La La La 2026: DAI DAI Shakira, THE QUEEN OF THE FIFA WORLD CUP
Cada vez que alguien le de me gusta volveré a escuchar esta joyita
Every time someone likes my comment I'll rewatch this gorgeous video!✨
We are readyyyyyyy edit=Thank you for 18k like❤
Finaly someone made messi speak in english
No one remembers all the finalists. Everyone remembers the Shakira song.🌎
We knew it, Professor Shakira's lessons never disappoint the students.
Solo shakira pudo hacer que messi hablara inglés ..😂 eres la mejor una diosa
15 million views in just one day, definitely Shakira was born to make this.
There's no World Cup without Shakira. FIFA should arrange a lifetime contract with her.
I love how she used her Eras team!! The dancers!! They are incredible!
She’s the definition of “every color suits me” blonde, dark, red… all flawless!
Not a Swiftie and don't care about a lot of her music, but THIS is a masterpiece ... in every way, in my humble opinion... the lyrics, the way she sings it, the catchy chorus, the video, the storytelling.... it's perfect.
Happy 408 Million Views to The Fate of Ophelia Music Video Everyone!!! ❤❤❤ 🎊🎊🎊 🎉🎉🎉
I am in AWE of how they built the sets and all the dancers and the costumes
Everyone who worked on this MV deserves a raise
3:57 VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Her first MV to reach 400M since 2019 🔥🔥🔥
The seamless, smooth transitions between scenes is actually magical. This is one of her BEST music videos literally ever
I'm not a Swiftie, but there's something about this song that scratches my brain just right.
who’s here before 1 million??
400 Million already is DIABOLICAL 🚬👌😎
This is arguably her best music video ever and the fact that it's self directed is insane wow
THIS SONG WILL EXPLODE THE ENTIRE YOUTUBE 😆😆
She's mixing Shakespeare references, showgirls, and pure vibes. Iconic.
How can someone hate this diva😍😍😍
the orange bird flying out of the window in the final scene - remember her in an orange outfit in a bird cage in the look what you made me do video? She was caged, and now she's free. 🧡
❤️‍🔥
Just came home from the cinema and saw this music video. This is 100% one of her best ones ever.
Taylor Swift has always been brilliant with her songs over the years
I just counted THIRTY SEVEN outfit changes... your stylist needs a raise
This video feels like no one was allowed to say no to a single idea... and I love it.
She's still keeping the "no man in Sabrina Carpenter's universe stays alive", and I love her for it
If this was a TV show I would watch it. This is the best music video I've seen in YEARS.
I love how the concept for this video is like a trailer for a film we will never see
This looks like an old movie you'd watch as a kid and forget about, only to be reminded of it years later when you see a musical edit of it online. I love it.
the concept for this music video feels like “what if we made a fan edit for a film that doesn’t exist” and it’s great
70's & 80's feelings are so good.
Okay, I get it: each car is a relationship—chaotic, makes no sense, sometimes full of danger—and jumping out of one car into another is Sabrina jumping into a new, uncertain (but almost predictably wild) relationship.
The stylist needs a raise, so many outfits and sabrina looks stunning in all of them !
Her mv's keep getting more and more chaotic and I love it 😭
NGL I CANT BE THE ONLY ONE OBSESSED WITH THIS SONG 😭 SABRINA ATE 😭🤌
am i the only one who needs a film with this aesthetic?
Feels like I’m watching a dream that makes no sense, but in my head, it totally does. 😅
the sabrina carpenter cinematic universe has grown once again
como hombre voy a decir que me encanta esta cancion
Sabrina Carpenter gave us feeling of a whole vintage movie in just 4 minutes 😭👀
Love that she’s carrying her baggage from man child to man child and not address the elephant in the room. Greet details!
There are shots that last half a second with more creativity to them than entire music videos. Would love to see the behind-the-scenes of this.
Her best song yet🤩
So i guess we're all here 😂
Coachella united us again 😭🤣
Youtube is really the closest we will ever get to a time machine
I miss the old days😭, thanks YT for preserving these masterpieces
Who’s here after bieberchella 😩
Don't worry guys you're not the only one rewatching a Justin Bieber video in 2026
nicki's rap still hits me everytime.
Does anyone still listens to this song?
Can we just agree that we need to bring this vibe back. 10 years later and this song still hits different. Truly a masterpiece.
It’s been 8 years and Nicki is still keeping a lookout for sELeNeR
"Finding old songs is like finding an old friend.''
2026 still a smash hit 🏝️
That "keep an eye out for Selenerrrr" STILL hits after almost an entire decade😭
after coachella we all came to rewatch it again
0:46 That “Justiiiiiiiiinnn” will always be fire
3:28 this part is something alright
JUSTIN JUST PLAYED THIS SONG AT COACHELLA🥹
Don't worry guys your not the only one rewatching a Justin bieber music video in 2019
Bieberchella brought me here 😫
I know you’re watching it again😂
My fiancé died on July 29th 2024. He loved Bruno mars and I am a huge lady gaga fan. He would have absolutely loved this song and it's exactly how I feel about him <3 thank you.
2010 artists really just randomly came in and dropped the hardest serenade in the decade
I didnt realize how much I have missed Bruno's vocal until this banger dropped 😭😭😭 his high note is everythinggg
26 may 2026 who's here
I missed those random artist collaborations we used to get back in the 2010’s. This has those vibes and I’m all here for it.
Real music is COMING BACK 😭🙏🏽
Anyone Today 😊
Whoever decided to pair these two together for a song is a genius. Thank you.
This song is so new, but it feels so old. Lady gaga and bruno mars are both legends.
I don’t think it’s humanly possible for Bruno to NOT make an absolute banger every time he drops 😭
Anyone 2026??
Drops a banger, disappears for two years, comes back, repeat. He can't keep getting away with this 😭😭
Everytime Bruno open his mouth it's spilling honey and gold 😭 how is every song he is in so good
Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga out here carrying the entire goddamn pop genre on their shoulders.
I missed those random artist collaborations we used to get back in the 2010’s. This has those vibes and I’m all here for it. 282K
Finally, a non-tiktok-challenge type of song. A real song.
Finally… REAL music. Melodies, harmonizing, vocals, talent.
i love how gaga manages to look like a new person nearly everyday
My loved one is in the hospital right now. I was looking up songs and came across Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga and I said I have to play this song. So appropriate right now. Beautiful song. ❤️
Weird way to announce you two are vocal soul mates, but okay. I'm here for it
Anyone on 26th May 2026.
no one has ever looked so good being dragged across the floor by an invisible arm
to me, the whole message is she's being pulled in all directions by someone that isnt even there. super symbolic of the lingering effects of any sort of lost love.
Didn’t rly get what’s happening but bros face card is ethereal
May 14 2026 anybody?
Every other artist: high budget extreme sets Billie: old-ass 70’s office-core
You deserve all the prizes. I love you, Billie .
i think she’s showing how she was blindly in love but didn’t have any control of the situation, she was being manipulated just like in the video where she’s being thrown around like an object / or she did that for the aesthetic
Totally agree shouldve won that Grammy. Love ya Billie
She did not just BLAST through a wall while singing the sweetest most beautiful song ever😭😭 The duality of Billie
Her eyes bro 😩💙🤍🦋 Edit: This was just a geniune compliment. And I am a girl. I am not "down bad for her" and not "simping" for her either. Although in general simping isn't a bad thing. <3 It's (Simping is) liking someone and doing stuff b.
this is a masterpiece
Listening this with headphones is so heavenly……
Can we talk about how far Billie has come. People used to make fun of her for ‘whisper singing’ in her first album. Then came out with ‘Happier than ever’ AND LOOK AT HER NOWWWW. THE VOCALSSS, THE BELTINGGG, THE EMOTIONNN, THE VISUALS. Bil.
0:35 what I think would happen if I lean on my chair during school:
Wow slightly different from what I expected😂 I was thinking sunshine, grass, two girls chasing each other
The song: ☺️✨🌸 The videoclip: 💀🌪️🐙🧿
Production: How much do you wanna spend on the video? Billie: $20 max
im the only one that i wanted to see billie turning to a bird?😭😭😭😭
It's a crime for music industry that she doesn't win any Grammy this year I am not even a Billie fan but damn this album was top with her meaningful lyrics and emotional words
Her initials also doubling as “operating room” is just so genius.
IS NOONE GONNA TALK ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE YOUTUBE PLAY THINGY IS PINK AND INSTEAD HAS A THREAD EMOJI??? 🧶🪡🎀???
This feels like trying to love while living with depression and anxiety
This might actually be the greatest song you’ve ever wrote.
A heartbreaking reminder that another person's love, no matter how strong, isn't enough to drain the poison from your own head.
Proof you were here in under 72 hours 👇
So THIS is what she meant when she said “You seem pretty SAD for a girl so in love.” This is so beautiful
the heart decays because of pain we endure we drink poison as love thinking it was pure we know exactly what hurts us still we're not sure and that's why love will never be the cure
this song said ‘fix yourself first’ in the saddest way
so cool how she used the persona of a nurse to portray “love yourself first before others”. nurses do a lot for their patients but can’t do much more if they’re not well themselves
i almost drop dead but i begged for the cure
I actually think this is her best song EVER! It gives me a nostalgic feeling that I can't explain every time I listen to it. It's just soooooo good.
I think this is when “pretty isn’t pretty” falls in love, and it hits her so bad in her insecurities
“But my head is full of poison, and my heart is full of doubt” kill me already.
this song is like trying to love as a, overthinker, someone with depression, body issues, anxiety, and trust issues
this is the perfect depiction of "its not you, it's me".
Now I understand why this is Olivia's favorite song on the album
My boyfriend did the VFX of the final scene of Olivia laying on the bed with all these hearts surrounding her. So sooo good. If you see this Eddie, I’m so proud of you!🇵🇭❤️
The production quality is really helpful This deserves recognition.
“it’ll never be the cure” is such a painful lyric because deep down a lot of people secretly hope love will fix everything.
Who is the crazy fans of Ramcharan?? ❤
But we still love jigelu rani song ❤
అబ్బాయి కి ఈ మూవీ మంచి విజయం రావాలి అని కోరుకుంటూ బాబాయి ఫ్యాన్స్..❤
తింటే గారిలే తినాలి .. వింటే AR Rehman పాటలు వినాలి🥁🥁
Oreyyy babu a dance enti anna😮🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ram Charan X Shruthi X AR Rahman🔥🔥🔥
రాంచరణ్ గారు డాన్స్ అయిన యాక్టింగ్ అయిన ఎమోషన్ అయిన కామెడీ అయిన ఫైటింగ్స్ యాక్షన్ అయిన ఆల్ రౌండర్ పెద్ది లో అందరూ చూస్తారు 💥🔥🙌🏆❤️
Who can else produce music with clearer sounds than this, apart from Legend ARR❤❤👑
ఇక్కడ ఎంత మంది రామ్ చరణ్ అభిమానులు ఉన్నారు🤩🥰✅
3:30 Charan anna movements ni match chesey vallu unte life time settlement raaaaa🔥🔥🔥
Jonay Master choreography ❤ Ram Charan dance vere leval ❤❤
ఏందన్నా డాన్స్ ఇరగదీసావ్ రామ్ చరణ్ గారు 🔥🔥🔥
1:45 😂😂😂 director be like ee mathram chalu andi
RC and Shruthi Hassan Combo peaks lo undhi ❤ 🔥
First view from Karnataka
Ramcharan and Sruthi Hassan nailed it ❤❤❤❤
Song Ranpe ra babu and janvi RC Shruthi 🥵🥵🥵
One and onlyyy dancer..📈❣️
Sruthi is just eating up the screen! What a screen presence. Terrificccc👌👌
Ahhh.. Shruti and Ram are back after Yevadu!!! 🩷 They're so beautiful together!! 🥰
جاهزين 🪻🤍
مين جاي وعيد الاضحى بكرااااا😂
مين عم يتسمعها اول يوم عيد😂😂😂😂
اللي يسمعها بيوم العيد بيصف جنبي❤😊
الاغنيه جابت ٨٩ الف مشاهده ماذا عن اسم "الله" 😢❤ تعديل "" بما ان تعليقي صعض صلو على النبي
عدد الي بيصومون بكره يوم عرفه
اذا الاغنية جابت 2 مليون مشاهدة اسم "الله" كم يجيب
مين بيسمعها بعد صلاة العيد
عدد الصائمين اليوم في يوم عرفة تقبل الله من جميع الصائمين 🙏🏻
عدد يلي بدو يصوم بكرة يوم عرفه
مين يشاهد في عيد لاضحى
🇩🇿❤الجزائرين اثبتو وجودكم
مين صام يوم عرفه 😉💕
مين يسمعها بيوم العيد❤😅
مين عبيسمعا اول يوم عيد الاضحى الساعه :15 9
الاغنية جابت 600 الف في 3 ساعات ماذا عن كلمة الله
بكره عيد مين متحمس 🎉🎉❤❤
كم واحد يصوم يوم عرفة
مين عم يتسمعلها يوم الاربعاء 🎀🙂
عدد محبين الرسول🌚❤
Cheema Baba Is Back❤
Hamla ik vri frr achanak hoya 😅
Baaki rehge poster Ponde Cheema game paa gya 📈💪
Chemma y true fans attendance lagao 🔥 😎
Cheema Baba Cartel 🙋💯 ਲਵਾਓ ਹਾਜ਼ਰੀ ✊
Cheema Baba Cartel Attendance Here 💀🔥
Arjan shock 😳 Cheema rock ☠️💥
ਅਸੀਂ ਰਹੀ ਦਾ ਤਿਆਰ ਸਭ ਛੱਡਣੇ ਨੂੰ ਬਿੱਲੋ 💯 ਪਰ ਸਾਂਭ ਕੇ ਰੱਖੀ ਦੇ ਸਿੱਕੇ ਸਿੱਖ ਰਾਜ ਦੇ ❤️💪ਸਿੱਖ ਰਾਜ ⛳️
Cheema Baba On Top❤
ਵੀਰ ਤੁਸੀਂ ਤੇ ਇਕਦਮ ਹੀ ਥਾ ਥਾ ਕਰਾਤੀ 💥⛳️
Cheema y always ON TOP 📈🔥
Intajaar purra hoya i am big fan of your CHEEMA Y and GUR SIDHU ❤💎⚡
Sareyan di album Toh Ek din pehla what a timing😂❤
Og is back ❤️‍🔥
Cheema 22 next level da Banda ha❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
CHEEMA Y IN THE HOUSE BABYYYY💀❤️‍🔥
Nav Dhiman Siraa krvati bai video wali ta❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥🚀🚀🚀❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Bhai tu kmal haaaa❤❤❤❤❤
Cheema Y Voice 🗿+ Gur Sidhu Music 🥶 = ਨਿਰੀ ਤਬਾਹੀ 🔥😎
1:59 ik chamcha, steel pipe, 3 spring dedo ghare hi bna pastol daunga 🔫 📈
someone: -did u cut your hair? Ava: -YESNT
Ava: I want a haircut Barber: It would be ten dollars Ava: I only have 5 Barber: No problem Edit: The war in the replies though
Ava : How much it costs Hairdresser: 20 Ava: I got only 10 Hairdresser: Say no more
Anyone 2026
“Do you want your hair long to or short?” Ava: Yes
I remember my 12 yr old daughter was trying to teach me the "I'm-ma-ma-ma out my mind" part. I could never get it and I sounded like a crazy person 🤣. My daughter passed away a couple of years ago and this song still comes on the radio. I.
My family told me that this song describes my cat...they're not wrong but I love her Edit: I have no clue why this has so many likes
Hairdresser: would you like long or short? Ava: you decide Hairdresser: challenge accepted
Hairdresser: do u want long or short hair?? Ava: yes
This song stuck in mymymymymy brain
Everyone knew the ‘oh she’s sweet but a psycho’ part 😭
50% of the comment section: Unoriginal joke about Ava's hair 49%: "OMG SHE'S THE NEW GAGA" 1%: About the actual song
Me: "Hey Ava, is your hair short?" Ava: "Yesn't"
Her haircut is like how indecisive I'll be making choices...
Barber:so you want a haircut? Ava: yesn't
Lady Gaga=long Sia=short Ava max=shlong
Hairdresser: Do you want short or long hair? Ava: Yes
Wow, this has reached 1 billion views, it has made her the most famous out of all her songs. A big debut.
Ava Max: She's sweet but a psycho 14 yo girls: Aww just like me!
Whose watching in May 2026
HELLO
Me: Stop wasting your time Brain: Just one more song from your childhood
Who else came because they didnt feel like doing anything?
2011: The Lazy Song 2020: The Daily Routine Song
The perfect quarantine song.
Who else is having a “good old songs” marathon?
Probably the cheapest most successful video clip ever
Hey random guy scrolling comments...have a great day
This should be the official LOCKDOWN song.
Anyone else listening while at home hiding from corona?
People watching: -before 3 billion views -in bed or sofa -not in full screen -reading the comments
Imagine we go extinct and this is the only proof we existed.
Anyone else just randomly listening to old songs ?
Fun fact: this song is older than most fortnite players
3 years later, and I still remember every line, lol.
0:10 is so true
i like men!
Damn, the memories from those days, back when youtube recommended things like this, maybe some weird things like keyboard cat, but man, those days.
May 26,2026
i feel bad for her husband... imagine it being 80 years later and her still loving someone who she can never have
“Never planned that one day, I’d be loosing you” that’s actually really deep, people don’t realize what they have until it’s gone
WHO'S HERE WAITING FOR DIRECTOR'S CUT????? SUPER EXCITED!!! I LOVE KATY PERRY FOREVER!!! 😭😭😭😭😭
May 2026 anyone??
this is a reminder to anyone who is still listening to this song that you should cherish each and every moment spent with your loved ones so that you will not regret when they die
this song just make me miss someone who doesn't exist.
everyone's talking about eremika now we're crying together 😭😭
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened" Im leaving this here for the people who will come back here in the near future
This song has the happiest beat but the saddest lyrics.
This song is the definition of "when you're happy you enjoy the music, when you're sad you understand the lyrics"
I lost my boyfriend almost a year ago and today I'm hurting a little more I love you so much Alex we'll meet soon. Stay in peace.
2026 and everyone still listening to this master piece
The fact that this comment section is still active after 8 years is lit.
don’t say “who’s here in 2020?” because we never left.
No one deserves to relate to this song.
Anyone in summer 2026?
0:14 thats some fancy ass coffee thingy
He didn't die, he woke up in a galaxy far far away to steal the blueprints of the death star
My neighbor had a similar life. She had an argument with her husband. He left angrily and got into a car accident. It was fatal. She had his car fixed and it sits in her parking stall until this day. This happened 8 years ago. A lot of peo.
15 May 2026 anyone?
I missed those random artist collaboration we used to get back in the 2000's. This has those vibes and I'm all here for it.
Why does it look like the cameraman told them to do whatever they wanted and they simply had all the fun they could have. SLSKSKSKS THIS IS SO CUTE. THEY’RE SO CUTTTETE
everyone talking about rose but who else miss this kind of bruno mars??
2.5 billions 🎉 Go on 2.6B!🔥
I literally love this era of Bruno Mars slowly coming back to music and collabing with people love him
45 million in 1 day is unbelievable. 👏🏾
This has to be the most random collaboration of the year, that no one expected and that everyone obviously loves. Love you Rosé and Bruno Mars
25억뷰 축하해 대단해❤
The real definition of expect the unexpected. Now I love this duoo
Rosé you are incredible
I don't think yg would have let her experiment so much with the genre and concept. Cheers to the solo journey Rosé . We are really proud of you and anticipating your upcoming releases.
2.5 is done 🎉🎉 let's go blinks for 2.6 billion
Rosé looks so happy and their chemistry is so good. To see her express herself outside of the YG sound makes it even more special to see her artistic range.
Yeah...she really killed it 😂 No ads nor expectations...Just popped up and showed how it's done! She is the real deal!!!
IM ABSOLUTELY OBSESSED WITH THIS SONG AND MV, this song is so refreshing and it’s seriously so catchy and fun to listen to
Hurray, the clip reached 2.5 billion. Rose, let's burn it up to 3 billion.)))
Never seen Bruno that happy before, it’s nice to still see him.
The fact she turned her favourite Korean Game into a song as a fun got Bruno Mars on it too, and has broken so many records already😭 LEGEND
This is really refreshing,good vibes, good chemistry and fun. Good job Rose.
25억뷰 곧이당❤ 우리 힘내요❤❤ 로지 최고야❤❤
"Folded" out now! 👔🧺 Stream/DL: https://Kehlani.lnk.to/FoldedID
All the man dem that be singing this from the heart gather here😩😂
This maybe the best RNB song I've heard in 2025.
Nooo!! This video deserved a old school romantic r&b lover type of video vibe… 😔 like a couple going through a break up, but missing each other and getting back together at the end
Haven’t played a song out like this since snooze 💪🏾🤣
i aint shame to admit i got this on repeat yo....
The different body types, shades and sizes is top tier!✨
I'm 23, & I started music since 17. Kehlani‘s older songs inspires me sm. I pray to be on same song with her someday. It's not been easy. 🙏
Older gentlemen 61yrs old.. she got me on repeat over and over again just beautiful music it touches your soul and heart..Damm
Damn this the kinda rnb we be missing ❤
who is here after she just won the grammy
I love how she is dancing and showing that side of her again because Kehlani was a dancer. and it’s reminding me when she first came out with “the way”
You can never skip Folded bro
SHE WON A GRAMMYYY
My blunt got me thinking I can do this choreography 😂
My 9- year old daughter's got this on repeat... I had to ask her... "Who hurt you?" 😮
Kehlani, take a bow 🙇‍♀️ 👏. This is stunning, wow!!
This sounds like 1998. 🔥
I would’ve love to seen her do the music video with her actually playing it out with a female character, showing up to her house to come and pick up the clothes and showing how they can’t leave each other alone, that would’ve been dope
RnB songs of the year 2025
Laufey really summoned 5 fandoms with this
she collected all the wasian baddies like pokemons
never thought i’d see an olympian figure skater and the star of heated rivalry himself in the same video, but here we are and i couldn’t be happier
Whoever’s idea it was to have Hudson take his shirt off BEFORE getting out of the pool deserves a raise
we got heated rivalry, olympic gold medalist, katseye, and tsitp in the same video. thank u laufey.
the first minute and a half is genuinely just a hudson williams thirst trap and i’m here for it
THIS IS HOW MUSIC VIDEOS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE OMFG
Who watched the BTS of this music video and saw how Hudson screamed “IM IN LAWVE WITH YAH SISTAH”
i love how when hudson went up from the pool everyone was IN LOVE and alysa's just like "seriously?"
The edits Hudson will get from this will be generational
Hudson literally having the time of his life in this mv
Tbh, I’ve been coming here just to see Hudson, can’t get enough of him😩
Hudson’s credit just being “THE MAN” is frying me. Period diva
Everyone is so professional and Alyssa just looks so happy to be there 😂😂
I love this little detail that all the friends have "rose-tinted" glasses meaning they can't see the red flags either 🚩😭
I love how EVERYONE is lusting after Hudson
Laufey just casually slapping men with a fish 😭
WHAT IN THE ACTUAL MULTIVERSE we have Hudson, Megan, Lola and Alysa in the same music video what the hellyyyyyyyyyyy
I SHAVED MY ENTIRE BODY FOR THIS
When is saw Hudson was in this I had to check it out. This woman is a treasure, I’m just getting familiar with her work and so far, ABSOLUTELY ASTOUNDING. A natural talent you are either born with or you’re not. She was, in spades. One of.
Who else is here after The Cure?
so jealous of my future self who’s listening to the full album rn
the fact she wrote this right after her first perfect date, already daydreaming about everything going perfectly and living deep in her delusional world. she captures girlhood so perfectly 😭
The fact that they let her record this at THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES just shows how big she is
She was right when she said that her new album would be cinematic and poetic
I can still see the purple everywhere it's like her aura
This is the most olivia rodrigo song i have ever heard
so to conclude: 1. the walls of Versailles were built by king louis. 2. louis is a Gemini. 3. they met through the internet (insta) when she stalked him with her best friend, she said this during a radio interview. ahhh this album is start.
everytime u livies like this post, i'm gonna watch it again
Hearing this really makes you feel how long she’s been gone. There’s something so unique about her music
Happy 1 month of drop dead!
"pisces and a gemini" LOUIS PARTRIDGE IS A GEMINI AND OLIVIA IS A PISCES
"pisces and a gemini' oh girls not even trying to hide it LMAOO
SHE FINALLY GOT BACK INTO THE DAMN STUDIO!!!!!!!!
I'm a man and I'm listening to this song hidden in my AirPods while feeling like a 15-year-old teenager in love.
Olivia recording this at the palace of Versailles is iconic
“one night i was bored in my bed and i stalked you on the internet" shit was so real i was doing that days ago 💀
Olivia never failed to capture that universal 'teenage'/ 'young adult' experience I just can't explain. That "bored in bed and stalked you on the internet" line and "I always had a vision of us standing like this" really hit me hard.
Here after Barca win last night 💙❤️🙌
its giving 2000s romcom vibe and im HERE FOR IT
"We need a vocalist that would sell out stadiums...." YOU HAVE THOSE VOCALISTS, USE THOSE VOCALS TO SELL OUT STADIUMS
The big reveal being frozen fruit and not Manon is peak corporate nonsense
It feels like a bunch of random scenes and lyrics were stitched together without a clear connection.
Who's here after the girls won 3 AMAs 😍
The company saw how much we loved Touch and Gabriella and thought ‘’Yea, lemme do the opposite’’
if music were fast fashion it would be whatever concept hybe is trying to fit the girls in
After saying "We need a vocalist that would sell out stadiums" This is what they make-
Who miss manon😢😢😢😢
Yk it's bad when even the top youtube comments aren't glazing
This is literally the 3 teasers joined with an advertisement in between 😭😭
As an OG icon, the girls deserve better lyrics than shaking azz in the parking lot...pls
MY PINKY IS ON HIATUS
All those stressful months in training just for this...
Katseye is probably the only group that gets brutally honest reviews under their YouTube MVs 😭(not the girls fault tho)
That doesn’t even feel like a music video , it feels like a teaser still..
I really miss manon she is my fav
no way the song stopped that long for an ad break
"Us against the world shaking azz in the parking lot" .... genuinely wth.
the missed gag of manon not being in the boot of the car
I think I can speak for a lot of people when I say we really just want to hear them use their vocals
"Sooner or later, you'll find out I live in a pattern of breakdowns" holy fuck now why would you do that to me girl
Olivia in June and Gracie in July my mental health schedule is looking incredible 😭❤️‍🔥
The Cure x Hit The Wall would hit even harder
this is like i told you things and an older version of good riddance together im so obsessed!!!!!!!
the lyricism is so brillant. i am so jealous of future me for being able to listen to the whole album on repeat
I WANNA BE STABLE, BUT I DO CAVE 😭💔
Gracie describes avoidant attachment so well. The constant longing for love and attachment you can’t help but reject when you finally get it. The guilt you feel and the feeling that you don’t deserve anyone’s love but craving it anyways. S.
sooner or later you'll find out i live in a pattern of breakdowns you'll bend to my silence, it's so loud and then you'll lose me to the crowd THAT LINE HITS ME HARD😭
i can't even explain how badly i want Gracie to lean into a powerful vocal delivery so the meaning of the song hits on every level. it's the kind of song that makes you want to scream but it feels like you're being silenced and not allowed.
this album is going to HIT the charts, Gracie deserves win a grammy
Let's prepare ourselves mentally because this album is going to be huge.
Gracie, Olivia, and Ari are cooking this summer!
“I barely deserve it if you do stay but I wish you would anyway” same Gracie same
Crying, feeling sick, and emotional. This Is What It Feels Like but make it cinematic, I fear I am not ready for the album.
1."Sooner or later you'll find out / I live in a pattern of breakdowns" Meaning: A pre-emptive farewell driven by the fear that her insecurities will end up pushing her partner away. 2. "Hit the wall, I just hit the wall / I'm not a proble.
“I barely deserve it if you do stay” oh my-
The “ricochet” part little has me fucking ascending🫣🫣🫣
"I want to be stable, but I do cave", "you'll bend to my silence, it's so loud" such a great songwriter, and honestly my favourite artist by far ❤‍🩹
“hit the wall” feels like gracie admitting that she ruins things before people can fully see her. the entire song is built around self destruction and the belief that love becomes impossible once someone knows the “real” you. it connects s.
Gracie didn’t just hit the wall, she broke our hearts with it. GA3 era is officially here and I’m not recovered.
H&M stores will never be the same after this
The fact this dropped on a Monday is even more iconic
Zara store radio for the next decade:
obsessed with how this song is structured like a drag race girl group challenge
"How many outfits do you want?" Gaga and Doechii: yes.
This puts the met gala to shame 😂
I'll tell my children this was the 2026 Met Gala
Whomever made the black and white spiked bejeweled latex outfits deserves a freaking award. A big one.
2011: you were Born this way 2026: you were Born for the runaway
How many OG little monsters here? Loving this woman since 2008
POV: "The Devil wears Prada"
Whoever was their stylist deserves a raise The artypop x vintage is soo tea
Every time Lady Gaga drops, the world feels a little more alive again.
Whoever color graded this deserves a raise it looks amazing
Doechii , Gaga, condragulations you both are the winners of this week’s main challenge. 💅🏼
Gaga & Doechii collabing is the queer art we are meant to be protecting
The yellow hair from telephone, is so iconic! 😩
Lady Gaga x Doechii is the collab we didnt deserve, but needed
The devil wears Prada 2 brought me here
this will 100% be at all the drag shows I go to in 2026 and I am HERE for it
we might just watch this on repeat
Every time Bruno drops, the world feels a little more alive again.
Can't believe Bruno Mars made a collab with Bruno Mars, Bruno Mars, Bruno Mars and Bruno Mars for this single
And when the world needed him most, he came back.
He took the solo album thing very seriously. He’s playing all the instruments, singing, dancing and filming 😂
Every time Bruno posts a little bit of hope gets released into the world
After 10 years, Bruno mars has returned with another solo project. We’re witnessing a golden era all over again
HEY MR DJ 🕺
He's literally built for every genre and vibe ever, but that's just Bruno being Bruno
"He’s been releasing the same song for the past 10 years” Translation: Damn, another hit
Bruno dropping a feel-good anthem in the middle of all this chaos and darkness is the light we needed.
I'm in a wedding band. I've learned over 1000 songs (on keyboard). Bruno's songs aren't comparable to other pop songs in terms of musicality, artistic perfection, and "fun" factor. His music jumps into the realm of Earth, Wind, and Fire, a.
This song is so new, yet it feels so classic. Bruno Mars is a legend.
THE YEAR IS OFF TO A GREAT START
No drugs No trash talk No nakedness Just great melody , great vocals Thanks Bruno Mars
Let's be , someone like Bruno can sing in all genres, in all languages, in all ways... class is not water.
This guy is allergic to doing bad songs and i like it
Bruno mars isn't the next MJ, he's the first Bruno Mars
I love the fact that Bruno Mars still sticks to a 70s theme it suits his romantic songs perfectly
My older brother is getting married and him and his fiancé are going to be dancing to this song!🎧
Who’s been listening to Chris Brown since we were kids? 🖐️🔥 The real ones grew up with his voice❤️‍🔥🎶
TEAMBREEZY WHERE YOU AT? 🔥
Give it up for the dancers, production team, and motorists cuzzzz whattt 🔥🔥
Playing this song over and over
This version of Chris Brown needs his own identity, this is the hardest video I've seen and the attention to detail is crazy. Love the new sound, killing it per usual!!
yeah imma need him to get back into acting and act in a movie as a villain, you can tell he loved filming this 😂
This is one of the best music videos I’ve seen in a long time. Let’s bring back the art of the music video only a few do it right
This choreography is too good 🔥
Nobody is talking about how amazing it is for CB to give credit to every single person who was a part of this project... top tier.
This man is still making bangers, let’s give it up to him.👏🏽
yeah this song needs to be performed live this summer
The King R&B
Chris Brown doesn’t just drop music… he drops memories, emotions, and moments we’ll never forget!!🔥🐐😭😭
The visual are insane this tour is going be crazy
3 mins post drop! Who’s here BEFORE 1 Milly?! 🤪🔥🙌🏽‼️
Hes an R&B rockstar
It's crazy how consistent Chris Brown has been since his debut album in 2005. If his career path was smoother, he'd easily be the number one artist in the world. Truly the GOAT of this generation.
ONCE HE GOES BLONDE, I KNOW THAT HE MEANS BUSINESS
The choreography is 🔥🔥 The beat is 🔥🔥🔥 Wardrobe 🔥🔥🔥
Chris Brown is hands down the best R&B singer ever...this man has been so consistent every year and he also doesn't make trash ass music....the funny thing is I told him back in 2004 when I met him at Tennessee State University that he wou.
Day 1435 of listening to Fireflies by Owl City everyday for 10 years.
Don’t ask who’s here in 2020 because we never left.
”Music is the closest thing we have to time travel”
The fact that this comment section is still active after 10 years is lit
It’s crazy this song is partly about a teenager having feelings of nostalgia, and now the young adults are in the same phase.
still bopping eight years later
“We didn’t know we were making memories, we were just having fun” -Winnie the Pooh
nostalgia can be the best thing and the worst thing.
Damn those were some good old days
does anyone else just have the random urge to listen to this song?
“Isn’t it funny how day by day nothing changes but when we look back everything is different” -CS Lewis
finishes recording Kid walking into bedroom: MOMMMM there’s a strange man singing in my room.
You would not believe your eyes If you saw me socialize
Who is watching this in 2015?
Song = 9 years ago Comments = 1 week ago Me: Trying to find a comment that is from 9 years ago
Day 10 of listening to Fireflies by Owl City everyday for 10 years.
So, basically quarantine has bought everyone to old legendary songs.
Time goes by so fast.. we don’t even realize it. 😢
Planet Earth didn't turn slow enough..cuz now I'm 25
I dont know but tonight I just typed this song on my search bar and suddenly remembered so much of the past.
If you're reading this, God loves u so much
I never thought an STD could be transmitted through music 😂
The continuous “hoochie coochie” is ridiculously funny asf
0:12 hold on twin😂
Them men had the time of their lives this day 😂
SHE JUST YELLINNN BUT I LOVE IT😭😭😭
IM CRYING WHY SHE YELLING "ITS SEXYYYY" PERIODDDD
0:59 grandpa what are you doing?
Them “GRAW BOW BOW BOW’s” be aggressive 😭😭🔥🙏🏾
Sexyy is Funny as hell bro😂😂
Her beat selection undefeated 💪🏾🔥🔥🔥🔥
God forgive us for watching this
Da chinese lady told our ass hold on twin😂
I am literally speechless watching this...
1:51 bro was having TOO much fun😭
The CIA frolicking in the fields rn
The CIA happy as hell🤦‍♂️
The ‘thats how you 🥷🏽 be in my ear’ part sent me 😩
The dance is called the Section 8 Shuffle
Now I’m gonna be randomly saying “HOOCHIE COOCHIE” 😭 🤦‍♀️
Back here after the AMA ......
that "mhmmmm mhmmmm" 🔥😭 Didn’t expect this many likes—thank u guys 🥹❤
Tyla is totally refreshing in an industry where everyone is doing the same thing.
We are back here after she won best social song with Chanel & best Afrobeats aswell in the American Music Awards ❤😂
This song ATE. Why is this song so addicting
It's so strong. I'll come back every time someone touches on my comment 🇳🇬🇳🇬
Tyla isn’t pregnant but she always delivers 😝
Who is back after she won the American music awards.
Tyla is EXACTLY who she thinks she is! 🔥❤
“I’m not her, she's not me and you’re not mine” yes ma'am.
The repetitive ‘‘How you say you love me? You ain't put me in Chanel’’ line is so addictive! I keep coming back to this song for this line😩
Social song of the year 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Tyla really won me over. THIS is a popstar.
Who is whatching in May 2026? ✋
That feels iconic we love you tylaaaa
We back like we never left ❤❤. Congrats on your AMA award queen 😊
12 hours is like 12 years😭😭😭😭cant wait
This isn’t just a song, it’s an experience ,the sound, the look, the confidence ✨🇿🇦
I read the backstory on how the stylist acquired every single CHANEL piece in this video (except for the tee halter top) --even down to the gun! These CHANEL pieces are 90s vintage and he had to contact ppl all over the world to gather all.
This song is not even a year old and it's already a generational classic
How many international fans are here to support tyla?❤
this song makes me feel an independent, sexy, confident African Woman, but I'm an asian mother of two kids 😅
Whos here after the grammy?❤
Whose here after Tyla and Zara 'she did it again' hit music❤
UPPITY AFRICANS...lets gather to support our girl 🇿🇦
Anyone 2025??
that was too short😭😭🔥🔥🔥🔥
This song should be bigger than what it is 😢❤
Tyla is really bringing 2000s vibes back
She’s not giving Beyoncé or Rihanna. She’s giving Tyla PERIODT😍
No cause she ate this 😭😭we got a hit on our hands😭😭😭
We celebrating the Grammy this side 😂😂❤
Reminder to everyone who says "it's giving Beyonce". Beyonce's choreography was African and Caribbean inspired. Tyla IS African. She's basically remaining true to her roots! Hoyaaaaa! Gaan se vir jou ma da's vis.
this songs deserves the hype that water had fr
she's definitely the new pop girl
Well deserved grammy🇺🇬🫶🏾♥️
Videos in the 90s/early 2000s: 0% BBL ladies 100% Natural ladies Tyla understood the assignment Drink water, eat healthy and dance to Push 2 start
The visuals are giving me crazy in love, beyonce with a touch of shut up and drive, rihanna in the beginning And guys, this is a compliment, i loooove Tyla. I think she's beutiful, talented and my new fav.
I love how Tyla's music videos showcase her talents not only as a singer-songwriter but also as a dancer.
LITERALLY PERFECTION 😝💕❗❗
ITS NEVER A SABRINA CARPENTER MUSIC VIDEO WITHOUT A MANS DEATH! The way Sabrina ran him over 😭😂
NOT HER STEALING BACK HER GRAMMY 💀
HER SHOE FROM TEARS MV STILL BEING BLOODY YESSS
The way she turns feminine glamour into comedy and lowkey menace needs to be studied 😭 Sabrina really made chaos look elegant.
I would watch a whole movie about this trio
This music video has made me 90% gay instead of my normal 60%
Sabrina carpenter having beef with the Grammys is what I LIVE for
THAT GLITTER GUN WILL BE USED IN THE NEXT MV TO KILL A GUY, TRUST
"It's a thing.. someone has to die every video"she didn't break the tradition again!
i’m so glad that we have a superstar who still makes great videos non stop
the producers : how sapphic SABRINA : yes
仕事で疲れた時聞くと元気出るwww
Not the shot of their asses diving in the pool right when she says “the back door💀😭
sabrina didn't get her gay awakening but she's for sure someone's gay awakening
the girls don't want a boyfriend, they want to be friends with Sabrina Carpenter and party
she is iconic!!!
Margaret Qualley directing a MV of Sabrina Carpenter, and stealing a house in lingerie on it. ICONIC
the way they ran the man over almost killed me 😂😂😂😂😂 it’s not a Sabrina mv without a man dying a gruesome death
there's an 11 year old girl watching this on repeat in their room secretly and I think that's beautiful
I SWEAR! This girl can NEVER make a lame hit.
“I give you my permission” BECAUSE CONSENT IS IMPORTANT
I didn't know Kesha invented Italian. Makes sense tho
Another kesha summer incoming 🎉🎉🎉
Ke$ha and Gaga are back to save their children... The world is healing. 🥹
I am so happy she just gets to do whatever she wants now. Do you guys remember her crying while rehearsing for the Die Young choreography? And now she's releasing pop bangers with - apparently - choreography in it. (I'll come back when the.
i miss this kesha cannibal era
True 2010s royalty is back to educate the children
大好きだよ！おかえり！
SHE'S BACK TO SAVE POP MUSIC!!! SHE NEVER LEFT US
The Church of Kesha
“OH YOU KILLED IT QUEEN”- me two seconds in and nothing’s happened yet
I try not to idolize celebrities, but Kesha genuinely saved my life. Through my worst moments her music gave me the spirit to keep going, and I was finally able to find my freedom. I sincerely attribute her music to my growth, and I'm prou.
"MAKE ME ORIGAMI"Is so INSANE🔥
Kesha mothered so hard she Invented the Italian language! ✨💅
Kesha is mother Kesha is Art
Go girl, give us EVERYTHING!!
I can only imagine Bob The Drag Queen crying listening to this
The smiles!!! It's so nice to see Ke$ha HAPPY! WE LOVE YOU!
KESHA LOOKS SO SICKENING OMG
Whoever choreographed this video is incredibly talented. Making humans into moving origami is not easy! Incredibly talented dancers too ⭐️
FINALLY😩 I have been CRAVING this new release. Grateful to live in the same timeline as the legendary Jutes🙏
i felt the emptiness those mannequins portray all of them look like his other parts fading away sadly he couldn't get anyone to eventually stay The end is what happens after emotional decay
来たァァァァァァァァァあ!!🔥 待っていたよぉーーーー!!🔥
待ち望んでいたぞ！！！
this dude is hardworking and so much praise with his art. its impressive his recent album just aged months ago and he's releasing new music!
YUMMYYYY
SOO EXCITEDDD🖤
THANKKK YOUUUU🔥🔥🔥🕺🏾🕺🏾 WATCH MEEE BEGGGGGGG
Helllllll yeah
JUTES IS AWESOME
So excited to see you in PHOENIX!!!!!
OOOOOH ITS HERE!!
GOOSEBUMPS
Finally!!! Let’s gooo🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before 1k ♥️♥️♥️♥️
IM SO READYYYYYYYY❤❤❤❤
IM SO READYYYY U WERE AMAZING IN AMSTERDAM
Already obsessed 😔
Love you Jutes
Helllllll yeahhhhh
This queen bringing colors back into our boring generation.
thank u zara for reinventing color, idk why the world went so grey for a while.
ENOUGH MINIMALISM, I WANT THIS AESTHETIC BACK
Now THIS is peak early Gen-Z song vibes
Zara shaking her ass to the beat is literally so inspirational I'm not even kidding
how women's lives actually look like without men
I love how she took the Symphony meme and made it the aesthetic of her new album. Iconic if you ask me
I’ll never understand why this song isn’t at over 100M views, or even 1B. This song is a masterpiece. JUSTICE FOR MIDNIGHT SUN!!
I love that her being Swedish means this title is literal
If stella from winx club were a real person:
MY WAIST IS SHRINKIIIIIIKNG
Why am I getting a rush of nostalgia? Like she told the camera crew to make it as early 2000s as possible. I love it!
THE COLOUR PALLETE OMG WAKE UP PEOPLE WE'RE SO BACKKK
I don't know why but this video looks like it smells so good.
This is one of the most prettiest music videos I’ve ever seen.
Zara please save us from another bland summer. PLEASE!! I BEG YOU! ILL STREAM ALL YOUR SONGS IF YOU DO IT PLEASE!!!🥺🥺😥😩😫
I just love the unapologetically green screen 2000's vibe 😭❤️‍🩹
i’m being so serious when i say we need to make zara larsson the next main pop girl
editor ate. no notes. i was engaged the WHOLE time
Zara Larsson is obsessed with the summer
-My Grandfather told me about Elvis Presley -My Father told me about Michael Jackson -I will tell my kids about Bruno Mars
0% sex 0% morbid scenes 0% vulgarity 0% offensive lyrics 100% talent, musical quality, beautiful lyrics, incredible voice... A complete artist. We love Bruno.
Bruno doesn't just sing; he makes you miss people you haven't even met yet.
Ayone today Tuesday 26 may?
It’s the positive Grenade
SPANISH VERSION WOULD GO CRAZYYY
Bruno who is half puerto rican singing a Spanish/Cuban Bolero, with a Mexican background church is a love letter to the hispanic community.
BACK TO HIS LATIN ROOTS
As a Mexican (AND getting married this year) this song means the whole world !!!! Te amamos Bruno 🇲🇽❤️
I’m starting to believe that this man can’t make a bad song
Things Bruno Mars would do for you: • Catch a grenade ✅ • Jump in front of a train ✅• Run through a fire ✅ • Risk it all ✅ • Buy you flowers ❌
Anyone in Today ?
Bruno Mars❌ Bruno Martinez✅
bro disappears for years and comes back just to drop bangers and shoot to the top again
I used to be a fan, but after hearing this masterpiece, I'm a whole air conditioner.
Mama coco will be proud miguel
To those who don't know yet: HE DROPPED THE SPANISH VERSION!!!!
bruno has that wedding playlist placement SECURED
Wow. I'm almost 67. Grew up on the 60's, 70's, 80's Haven't heard anything Come out in the last 20 years or so that really grabbed me. Until now. That was absolutely amazing!!! Bravo Bruno. Bravo!
Is it just me but this is my favorite song he has ever made
📢 Friends, don't forget to subscribe to our channel to catch the most interesting moments and new videos! 👉 https://www.youtube.com/@BLASTDota?sub_confirmation=1.
OG is back 😂😂😂
Bonus round always
giatay na
nakainom og sikwate ang OG
they all chasing kotl and left luna alone. wtf was that
This OG team just isnt clicking. Crucial little mistakes cost them early. Dont see this team lasting long.
Yopaj focus on your milk tea vlogs hahahaha
Ez win for AME natsumi luna item build so wrong
anu pa iniintay nyo mag si uwi na kayo
abot tenga siguro ngiti ni kuya force ngaun 😂😂
Extreme gaming win
Dang another tournament?! We just finished dream league lol
OG DISBAND WHEN
Wrong items for Luna, should have gone to a hitter build.
With this kind of performance, if it's continues. They will disband soon
EZ
SEA weakest and toxic region of all time..
toronto has been shit since aurora but og picks him
Blame Nikko more
Every game with void it seems like it just never has enough damage.
12:18 ayo
Ame the 322 King😂
Void wasting time killing Tiny. He could've switched target to Storm
Ame getting stats over maxing time dialation is diabolical, Report worthy behavior. This Guy actully completle washed now. Bot gameplay
nts just run
12:18 They fingered and kissed Tofu but still wasn't enough 💀
Nts snap. Lmao. U can't just copy heroes.
Hahaha ame so trash
finger and kiss combo didn't work 🥺
Ame... Still trash. Uncrowned king my ass
Chopper letting Donk get the Ace was wholesome, and he did it twice.
W chopper , what a good guy
1:11 3 no scopes acutually nice
Great vid! I love when Chopper purposely holds off on kills to let Donk ace. Solid IGL
Donk aces feel so special man holy W Chopper
7:45 Nice shot simple😁😁
Donk is ice cold. Anytime I'm in a clutch scenario in CS, my heart rate goes up so high and it's hard to stay calm.. but this kid will rip these clutches out consistently on the biggest stage and look completely unbothered lol.
Can anyone tell me: it looks like the players can see their enemies through walls… is that just for the viewers, or can the players actually see thru walls in competition? (I know nothing about FPS’s, or CS2, but my daughters are getting i.
That Magisk clip was crazy
That zywoo clutch against falcons
This Aunty aim good like hacker
1:45 caster was on the wrong video platform
Well worth watching.
THE AIM! THE BRAIN! THE GAME SENSE!
6:04 WHAT😮😮
This made my day.
i just love the device clip, there was one verryyy similar some years ago
INSANE
donk a machineeee! 🔥🔥
apex trashtalking spinx with ¨ u miss him this guy huh¨ was the most inconforteble moment
This is my monster mino 💀💀💛
GODMINO 💛🤞🏻
GodMino in making 👊🔥💪💛🧿
Godmino Only Dil se Godlike 💛💛💛 Baki ka Idc
Dil se Godlike 💛
Still supporting godl only for mino ❤
DIL SE GODLIKE 💛🔝
Kal stream dekke lga ,admino fom mein wapas aaya 👍..Spower aur saumay to fom mein the hi ,ab godmino bi 👌..kya kills nikal rahe 🤟
Godmino tu maarega tu maarega 💛💛💛
Best of luck Mino💛
GODMINO MOD ON 🔥🥶
araa arraa 2024 vaala vibes aara h GODMINOOO!!!!!!!💛💛
GODMINO is back FINALS MVP
Admino Jaisa koi Nahi
W team 💛 w gameplay 💛
Dil se Godlike 💛🐐💛 Dil se Tag on 🔝
Let's go godmino mvp and trophy coming 💛💀🔥🐐
Godmino op💛💛💛💛💛
Admin of Godmenu Dil Se Godlike💛💛💛💛💛💛
Ye hai Godmino💛💛💯💯💯💯✅️
Just imagine how many more moments like this are not getting recorded! Great video
og warzone was peak
What makes 9:10 even better is his teammate jumped out allowing for both to hit
missing those days when gaming was crazy fun like this man
3:43 how salty was the enemy team after that shot? 😂😅😂
17:51 “LIKE A GLOVE”
1:49 That was straight out of a transformers movie!!!
Warzone 1 was so much better than what we have now
17:42 that was the funniest part 😂
8:22 that stop 🤣🤣🤣🤣
A tank taking out a plane with its main gun did happen in real life. In WW2, the crew of a German Tiger tank, commanded by Michael Wittmann, managed to kill a Soviet Il-2 Shturmovik ground attack aircraft with a very lucky shot.
“I miss the old Kanye” got me rollin 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
My best 1-1,000,000 moment was using the low gravity cheat in GTA Vice City. Using a tank to fly, jumping out at the highest point of the map. Stealing a vehicle right before I hit the ground. Driving away laughing and then my tank landed.
these were all great but my favourite was the truck flip and reconnect that was slick
0:37 max payne mode activated XD
One shot;5 kills That actually amazing
5:20 Bro that AK 47 is a paid actor 💀 😂
10:10 Bro unlocked an anime skill 😏
1:55 - yoooo a triple, hot dang!
the truck. 10/10
One bad tournament does not defy the team, they still have made 2 mil $ in tourneys https://csgoempire.com ? FREE $0.5 with code "SKOOBY" http://tradeskinsfast.com ? Trade your skins fast and safe!
Keep them coming.
é 2024, e voltamos aqui, o que temos? saudades de um time
LZT Market - Хочешь купить хороший аккаунт по вкусной цене? Тебе к нам!
" A QUE ISSO FALLEN Q Q ACONTECENDO AI" Fallen: "NHAC"
quem de 2020 voltou pra ver?
This video is fucking ad simulater
go GAMBIT highlights lol
QUE OTA?
YEAH ASTRALIS
astralis vs vp for finals c'mon !!!
gg astralis xD
Boraaaaa SK!!!!
Os BR domina porra
MELHOR TIME DO MUNDO PORRA
I like the players in SK, but it is kinda annoying how much better they are than the rest of the world. It is insane
10:06 only me ? or did you also check steam XD
how u dont put the 1v4 clutch by Cold on Mirage against Mouz and/or Ace on Inferno against BIG???
This is why I love SK very much
Felps and cold are insane😲
The nuns prayers definitely got answered 🙏🏽🛸
Hard to win when playing basketball only..
Wemby is great, but literally everyone in this Spurs team is huge and athletic. What a team they made.
No floppy, no winny
Not a spurs fan, but I hope wemby win a ring!!
the shot from mid court was absolutely incredible
Spurs plz win this series
Without dirty okc is nothing
I CAN TELL, THE NBA WANTS THIS TO GO ALL SEVEN 😁😁
The defense tonight was the best i have ever seen...spurs make me sooo happy mannnn😆😆😆😆🫶
Dear All-Father, Please don't let Game 5 be reffed by Tony Brothers' crew. Sincerely, Everyone.
The real Mvp smashed the fake mvp. OKC - No calls, No win.
5:05That's another logo three! Wemby is insane!
I only hope game 5's refereeing would be fair
Is that me or Vassell is really becoming better and better ? He is a beast since the playoffs started
OKC gets a taste of it’s own medicine when the refs aint calling fouls on gust of wind for them this game.
This young rivalry is what nba needs
Spurs got a big win showing no mercy. Well done.
it’s crazy. i can’t find one okc fan in this comment section. definitely a large fan base
Straight nets on the half court shot 😵‍💫🛸
✨ENJOY ✨LIKE ✨COMMENT✨SUBSCRIBE ₚₗₑₐₛₑ
That c4 out the glider was sick !!!
Nıce wallhack bro dma nıce
Wow nice shoot
yoooooo 3:13 was siiiiiick man!
All I can say is that I’m glad I played this game again. It’s so much fun.
0,50 wtf no recoil Beryl!!!!!
im shocked how good is some people PC :)))) 420 fps in hot drop :))))) im tooooo far from perfect PC . sad life .
Omo que deixa a holografica dividida?
:text-green-game-over:
Why they all using first person cam?
Rules of survival is the best
so where are the "funny fails" like the title says?
such shame... vpn gamers in europa...190 ping... = like lag hack close vpn to euro = close the servers for many cheaters from asia and NA !
pretty much average roblox fps player, no joke
all people is "PRO player "in this game 😂 all play with macro or cronus zen. PUBG CHEATE
9:08 slim ghey blowing his hand has got to be the worst clip i've ever seen so many noobs on this game that think they're good it's embarrassing
First video with cheater and all wow you are cool! 0.50 video the same ahahah cheater gay
We’re getting some 2023 champs-winning Ethan here
that was the CRAZIEST comeback I've ever seen
NRG's glow up is something else. What an absolute GAUNTLET to run it back from 2-10 to 17-15!
Wow… NRG was better than expected and cleared some doubters. Ethan's IGL looked very solid, showing great calling and adaptability in the second half of Abyss and on Corrode. Skuba definitely contributed as well. EDG…. It's clear that they.
I like seeing brawk with the Odin just spamming through the walls😂😂😂
Bro Mada owned Kangkang 💀
Skuba was the missing piece of the puzzle for NRG. Meanwhile, EDG, without S1MON, the missing piece of the puzzle, has fallen into a deep decline.
No s1mon no win
Considering no S1mon , NRG had tuff time winning those two maps really. EDG didn't play bad though. Don't count them out just yet. GGs to NRG.
EDG = NO S1MON NO WIN.
I got exactly what I needed here.
It was honestly a close match but fucking TL in the next match is wild
1st match is one of the best match I've seen in a really long time
This year's regional choking teams Pacific: GENG EMEA: M8 Americas: 100T CHINA: EDG
So creative and unique.
At minute 6:15 I thought that EDG would win the game, a shame for those who did not see the game live, what a comeback dude bruhh
Mada has a slow start in every game but damn once he locked in 🎯
i left the first map 10-2 now i see nrg won the map .. amazing .. the great comeback
I love how Brawk just casually melting edg down with the odin while their fans cry in the chat 💀
Honestly should've been a cleaner win on paper for NRG. Would love to see then go up against GX, I think their style would make for a good clash.
Soboro is legit the worst top laner I've seen in a while
Watch Soboro i`m feel poor Rookie 😂
IG tenia todo pero absolutamente todo para ganar la primera partida y la regalaron por un simple mal posicionamiento, o sea, practicamente solo era ir juntos, pushear, ganar una TF y ganar la partida, no habia mucho mas y la perdieron de l.
11:08 Vera C. Rubin Observatory 13:22 Generative Al search 15:20 Small language models 21:10 Cattle burping remedies 24:35 Robotaxis 28:00 Cleaner jet fuel 30:27 Fast-learning robots 33:33 Long-acting HIV prevention meds 36:40 Green steel.
video could use chapters
0. Vera C. Rubin observatory telescope 1. AI internet search 2. Small language model (expert in a small area/offline use/can be run on smartphones) 3. Cattle burping remedies to reduce greenhouse gases 4. Robot taxis 5. Cleaner jet fuel 6..
Skip the first 11:08...
* The 2025 Breakthrough Technologies List: * Vera C. Rubin Observatory: A new telescope set to explore dark matter and dark energy [11:02]. * Generative AI Search: Integrating large language models into search engines [13:23]. * Small Lang.
Honestly, Would love to see more content like this. Appreciate it
16:39 I agree to a small language model that covers a fixed amount of knowledge (data) and uses a controllable parameter that doesn't occupy a large storage. SML can be equivalent to an expert in a single profession who is only knowledgeab.
If we were smart the top 10 would be about restoring nature and depolluting the planet
Quite a breakthrough in Technology the environment remains a priority
This deserves more recognition.
Unfortunately I couldn’t stop seeing the purple bell end behind the speaker when he partially obscured the animal graphic……..
just watched - Awesome content as always.
I gave your MIT Tech Review site a go, read 2 articles and BAM! the silver screen of payment...either monthly or yearly but it had blocked all interactivity. That broke the spell
In order for certain new technology to be expressed, or to be released, there has to be a willingness to receive it. And this requires both the change in the collective consciousness but it also requires that there are certain scientists w.
I can't stop watching this.
1:25. MIT Review - intro 11:00. Vera C. Rubin Observatory. Telescope in Chile 13:30. AI internet search 15:24. Small language models 21:00. Burping cows 24:36. Robotaxis 28:05 Clean jet fuel 30:30. Robots 33:40. HIV prevention 36:40. Green.
I look forward to a future in which the audio quality of the remote guests are as good as that of the on-site host.
Video actually starts at 11:00.
Social incidents changer....as MIT person through incident equations.
Always on point.
I wasn't expecting so many of the fakes to ACTUALLY be good! See me test the laziest tech here: https://youtu.be/lo4bA4p3MBQ Get the Insta360 GO Ultra, the best POV vlogging cam here: https://bit.ly/Mrwhosetheboss-Insta360GOUltra
Imo Govvee really isn't a fake option to Phillips Hue, they're just an alternative option.
Real title: Don't Buy Dyson Products
Moral reason of this video: just because it's cheap doesn't always mean it's a fake Edit: thanks for the 11K guy I really appreciate
some great ideas here, the only thing you cant go fake is leather lol. Mine is the genuine stuff and it's like night and day
Govee just won a BIG free promo from Arun 🤣
Consumer tech: real wins Household tech: fake wins
21:15 I can indeed confirm that my name definitely isn’t Jacob, Arun! And we've submitted a claim about this fake inclusion of my identity in that video. I do not endorse that product! Thanks for highlighting this 👍
The seerzeno option is solid
The fakes weren’t as bad as I expected
We need the electricity bill video for your new house. We know how much tech went into it. We need a follow-up to know what is still working and what isn't!!! 😝
Insane refresh pull
Moral of the video is, expensive doesn't mean quality or luxurious and I agree. I've been using leather my whole life and it wasn't until I went middle of the road that I found the really good stuff, like my shoes or my wallet
Uuuhhh that’s me at 21:11. And I’ve definitely never used these 😂😂😂
Comparing name-brand tech to "imitation" or "fake" tech is obviously going to be hit-or-miss across the board, but I'm thoroughly impressed and shocked that SOME of these cheaper options are overall better. Who knew.
some great ideas here, the only thing you cant go fake is leather lol
15:10 the text coming into focus with the product was a nice touch.
"Fake it until you make it" Nah, I'mma fake it for life!
This is the earliest I have been on this channel. Govee is not a fake product it's just a cheaper alternative
Mrwhosetheboss: “what if you’re a power user” * opens angry birds* 💀
This is the longest video we've EVER made on the channel - a Mrwhosetheboss mini-movie! Let me know if you like the super-long-form video, or if you prefer more bite-sized content 😌 To see the inside of the most Futuristic PRISON in the wo.
If this is what is called futuristic, I'm pretty damn excited about the future! Also kudos to Arun for emptying his wallet for content.
weirdly by far the most futuristic thing imo was the ruler, although at first it may seem underwhelming, the potential and the many tricks up its sleeves it has is astounding.
the directional speaker would be really cool for walking through an exhibition space or something, imagine an art gallery where each painting had its own targeted soundtrack
3:29 Yes, Ferrero Roche, the most futuristic tech gadget of the world
The only futuristic item is his sweater, survived at 1% for the whole recording. Very durable battery.
I've noticed that your videos are getting longer gradually and I'm actually surprised that how consistent the quality of the content remains throughout the video, great work by you and your team
I actually worked for a company that did contract design work for that rideable suitcase. The issues ended up being exactly what you said - too expensive, too heavy, limited use case, and cramming the tech into a size that was usable suitc.
You know I met a guy that was blind and used the meta glasses to take photos and describe them
I didn't expect to see my crashing video on your video Arun 15:05 😂 I appreciate it! Another outstanding video as always 😁🙌 PS: I'll rate this 10 out of Tech 😂
In Japan, self sharpening mechanical pencil is a common product. You can buy it for under $3. The more expensive version, which costs around $20 not only sharpens the tip, but also prevents the tip of the lead from breaking, and automatica.
That ruler is insane. I'm a Handyman and when you showed me $130 ruler I thought how stupid of an idea... Then you showed me everything it can do.. if they made a yard stick variant, I could guarantee so many Handymen would be able to make.
13:20 Even if the extra moving parts add some extra fragility to the shoes, it still is an excelent shoe, because for some people it is the only shoe they can use alone.
The ruler is so weirdly cool, it had me sold at the ability to show you exactly even chunks of something.
I just watched a 38 mins video and i literally didn't even get bored for a single second. Kudos to Arun for keeping these videos engaging 😊
Arun has come a long way but his content is always amazing
12:14 I’m a bit of an adidas fan boy but I’ll always respect Nike’s commitment to design their products to be accessible to people who have disabilities. I remember when they really promoted the Parkinson’s angle when they were collaborati.
Man, your videos are so entertaining. It’s like watching a well constructed TV show instead of a YouTube video. You’re basically the James Cameron of YouTube when it comes to your commitment to excellence.
The NeoRuler's biggest target is CAD software, specifically for CNC or 3d printing. Makes it a lot easier
This comment section probably won’t remember me, but maybe someone scrolling needs this. A few months ago I hit a wall. Nothing made sense. I bought Manifest and Receive by Eva Hartley after seeing it here on yt. I had no expectations. But.
I think people misunderstood this video, this isn't a ' oh hey guys buy these cheap tech or expensive tech to make your life better' its his definition of good for value items he is willing to pay premium if they deliver what he is exactly.
This video, the slow pace, the usage of less funky bg music, all of it reminded me of your earlier videos for simple tech reviews
Dylan here from Almond Oak :) just wanted to say a huge thank you again for featuring my bag and for the support. Can’t put into words how grateful I am - it really helps spread the word as I work to get the brand off the ground. Always ha.
If anyone is wondering, all the items combined, except the MacBook are 570$
Never going to use any of them, will never need them, but still, I am hugely impressed by these products and the brain behind all of them.
If I spent $130 on a bag, My dad would round-house kick me into non-existence 😭
00:37 Backpack $130 01:41 Card protector $49 03:08 Key organizer $25 03:44 Water bottle $15 04:37 Tech bag $22 05:33 Flight flap $11 05:54 Earphones $70 07:04 Lens wipes $14 07:18 Travel adapter $40 07:54 Powerbank $80 10:04 Cables C-C $4.
i’m a criminal video skimmer, will always go through these kind of videos chapter by chapter to see if i’m interested wether it be tools, tech, cars etc. having all the gear in the pack was one of the smartest moves i’ve ever seen not only.
Been using my Secrid wallet for about 7 to 8 years now. Had it in leather brown color. I love how it aged well and still ZERO issues with the mechanism. Truly one of the best purchases I've made ever.
This is honestly one of the few videos that makes “tech minimalism” feel practical instead of just aesthetic. Appreciate the deep thought behind every choice.
marques would be so proud of you seeing all the matte black EDC
9:21 I do like the powerbank idea for the idea of swapping them when I’m at home and have the one at home double as the main charger for my desk. I would also apply that logic to AirPods because I tend to use them a lot and battery life is.
It all costs $1630 ( not accounting for delivery cost) but I think if you do not buy the macbook, which is probably not neccesary since most of us already own a laptop, it is affordable.
14:53 I’m dying at the personal driver agreement
i mean u should do more these types of videos that shows more affordable option , love u man watching u for years now
his thumbnails... they're healing
14:53 Personal Driver Agreement hits hard 🗣🗣🗣🗣 Arun: “I don’t have a car.” Also Arun: legally binds his wife to drive him around 24/7 💀🚗
EDC setups like this one highlight how personal tech is evolving; less about specs, more about how seamlessly it fits into our routines.
I remember a long time ago you said " I only want to review phones " keep up the good work bro, you're one of the few that really deserves 20 million followers!!!
I got an all black owala bottle around 9 months ago, and it’s been so convenient. First water bottle I’ve seen that had both options of sipping and swigging. The thing’s durable and pretty easy to carry, and the carrying handle/second lock.
I still can't get over the Banana Machine 😂 I can't believe how fast we're catching up with Apple in Subscribers - Thank you! ❤
"I'm a massive banana man." ~ Arun, 2023
The reason the vegetable slicer feels like an “As Seen on TV” product is because it actually was.
The self heating pan you used would be great for a college dorm situation where you don't have a stove
Bros speaking like my science teacher 2:23
Thanks. Now I don’t have to go on tiktok. You did the suffering for me.
Arun on the banana filler: "Why does this look so inappropriate?" Also Arun like 2 seconds later: "I am a massive banana man."
The robot jar opener might be niche but it's the only one on the list that solves a real problem for lots of people. In fact, I'm going to buy one for my grandma because she always complains that she struggles to open jars.
"Thats what she said" 15:32 LMAOO
my dude scientifically broke down the workings of a coat hanger
The jar opener (and their can opener) is ideal for people who can't do those things normally. I bought them for my 90 yr old grandma who can only use one hand. She uses it all the time. So I would give it 10/10. It's given her some autonom.
I think that lazy pot is actually targeted for those who live in dormitories. My friend has one. People in that dorm aren't allowed to use stoves in their room. So my friend bought this pot to cook in his room. No, the dorm doesn't have it.
21:10 great for peoples with 1 hand !
I think the self heating pot was designed more for people in university who live in a dorm with no kitchen, or for hotels/camping/camper, or for crappy apartments with no stove in the kitchen. I’ve actually seen TikToks of someone in unive.
the pot thing was rlly meant to catch the eyes of a college student
The good thing about the shower speaker is that far too many showers don’t include electric products, this could well save me the trouble of finding a toaster with a longer extension cord for my bathtub
17:00 bro solved whether you pour the milk or the cereal first what a legend
Arun’s house grows new rooms to match whatever products he buys. It’s a Star Trek holodeck 😮
16:45 we can prank our friend with filling toothpaste
15:22 “I am a massive banana man” 😅😅😅😅
legend says I'm still sitting in that spot For the next episode of "I spent far too much money buying tech from the internet": https://youtu.be/fepKQej1DH0
Imagine spending $3K to sit on a chairless chair and you fall backwards lmaooooo
That cooking robot is a nightmare to clean. Imagine the gunk that will accumulate inside the tubes of cooking oil and water. And for the spices too.
Bro 10 minutes to iron a shirt? That’s negative 50% effort saved
Imagine spending 1500$+ for a auto cooking robot but there's a paywall for the recipes.
Imagine needing a subscription for your food to be cooked😭 same level of nonsense as needing a subscription to unlock the top speed of your car😭
Most of these gadgets add extra efforts to use. Exactly opposite to laziest tech 🙁
Cooking isn't the problem, cleaning is.
I wouldn't want that robot even if it was free. 75% of the work of cooking is prep and clean up, this doesn't help with prep and it probably worse to clean than the pan and spatula it replaces
Petition to review all the "tech" you got for your house. Tell us which ones you kept and which ones you wished you never bought.
In fairness, the Ninja Creami is not meant for laziness. Its meant to replace the need to buy ice cream and to give you healthier options. I jave the deluxe, which was the upgraded model prior to the soft serve dispenser version. Ypu can b.
These items can be very handy for disabled people who are not lazy but need to adapt activities from how healthy people do them. Thanks for the video!
The only good thing out of all of these was the trash can. Everything else can go right in it.
Clippy says, “if im paying to buy something, why do i have to pay subscription fee to use it?”
0:47 "Ones that blow for you" almost had me there for a second 😂😂
0:50 okay that tea pouring edit was INSANE
For the cooking robot, I’m not sure what you meant but I think a sort of subscription where you buy recipes that are delivered to your house, you then put the pre-measured ingredients into the boxes and scan a barcode or something that com.
10:45 they lost me at "there's a subscription cost"! We're tired of constant subscriptions for everything!
Anyone who truly cooks knows that the hardest and most frustrating part is cleaning the tools, with preparing ingredients coming in as a close second.
>how often do you fall at your window with ice cream? - not often, however it also implies that it wont be able to deal with bird poop.
Miles has to be trolling with those headphones
as a fellow 12 mini-er, ive found the best way to make the battery last longer is to just not use the phone.
Miles is definitely the most unhinged MKBHD staff member. Like he can be anyone with his Dyson headphones to the snack storage on his Mac.
A 29 minute Ridge ad
Every time I see an episode with Ellis I wonder why he doesn’t make content in his own channel. He’s clearly talented at yapping.
Got one from Vionentus, no airtag and very minimalistic. Impressive work and quality leather, that’s all I ask and that I received.
iPhone 12 Mini "This thing just sucks and I love it so much" -Ellis
It amazes me everytime what an incredible job Marques has done with channels and the team he has built. Seeing all these people now I understand why the content quality is always up and growing. Congratulations all!
21:28 “performance… buttery smooth” phone doesn’t respond for 5 swipes 😂 Edit: 🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡 yes
"i didnt even know this was a ridge wallet" RIIIIGHHTTT
Petition for Ellis to play sax on the podcast
22:42 "I hope to upgrade soon... Marques"
Miles is hilarious. He's the king troll on that team
Everyone give a shoutout to Jono, even before he mentioned his weightloss, you could definitely tell. Good job dude 🎉
This channel has the most insanely over-produced high quality videos for things that don’t need it at all and I love it
8:07 LMAO I wasn't expecting the $500 pesos bill 💀😂
Miles: "I wouldn't say I am gym bro by any means..." Me: "HAVE YOU SEEN YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR???"
20:57 ts gotta be the realest person on the planet 😭🙏💔
One video, 51 temptations.
@22:07 ..." but I didn't steal it" 💀😂 I like the fact that y'all get a lot of free stuff from work.
Still haven't gotten the call. Maybe next year ;)
Petition for Marques to post more dope tech videos
After 10 years, Marques finally changed his channel's profile picture.
Fun fact: in Brazil, the Galaxy Tab S family (base, + and Ultra models) comes with the magnetic keyboard folio case and the S Pen in the box since the S9 generation
Nikon getting a shoutout on dopetech is the best thing marketing Nikon can get.
A Google sponsor really shows how insanely massive this channel is now, it’s a pretty cool milestone
I am still using my Tab S7+ 5 YEARS later, and I still have absolutely no reason to upgrade. These things are awesome
8:04 man breaking the illusion of picture perfect, bringing us back to reality😂
The reason they have those speakers at NEWARK airport is because of you.They saw those videos that you made.You're a pillar of new jersey community
Finally, after 10 years he updated his profile picture and gives us MKB4K
Tab S7+ has lasted me for years, it only broke a few months ago after I dropped it for the billionth time. Before I dropped it though, the tablet worked as good as on day one. Genuinely insane work. Work, emulation, gaming - anything. I ev.
Dope Tech is an awesome series, glad to see it back!
Marques this is the first time I have used my new(ish) MacBook Pro 16" to watch one of your videos, and as you know the speakers on this computer are fantastic (its why I chose to splurge on the bigger screen) - I just have to say your sou.
Never thought my channel would get featured in an MKBHD video for a split second 4:54! 🤣 Thanks, Marques! Huge fan 🇮🇩😭
I'll always choose the Galaxy Tab over any iPad. Using these Tabs for almost 13 years now. And using the S11 Ultra for past 3 months. it soo good. the 3K amoled display is such a banger
DOPE TECH !!! Hell yeah!!!
7:40 did 5 years of university with it, not once I wished to have an iPad instead. Still using it to this day as a media machine -> that oled 120hz is still very good!
Dope tech is finally back
“Every piece of tech I touch must pass a series of rigorous tests to answer one simple question; ‘is it dope!?’“
Love this kind of retrospective — it’s one thing to hype new gadgets, but seeing how the tech we once thought was ‘dope’ actually stands the test of time is the real insight. MKBHD’s clarity and curiosity make even the old favorites feel f.
Who's enjoying the Inventions series!? 😄 To check out the HOTTEST Inventions: https://youtu.be/DDAaayleHUE To check out some NEXT-LEVEL Inventions: https://youtu.be/Ch4RW28A9A8
"This drink cures cancer and regrows fallen limbs" Arun: 6/10
0:44 bruh its all fun and games until you accidentally have the boiling water on and you wash your hands
The only thing out of this world that i see is the quality and outstanding editing of your videos. Kudos
4 years later and im still waiting for space ballon.
"I'd still tap that" I am definitely done with you Arun 😂
Props to Arun's family for carrying a plastic bag for 500 years so that it could break down and he could show it on camera at 4:44
Mrwhosetheboss : I am the clumsiest person. Linus : You dare oppose me mortal.
12:42 4 years 😭
Arun's actually just renovating his house and is showing us cool stuff he found while buying a tap.
I can’t get over how high the Production quality is for this channel.
People really don't appreciate how much research goes into making videos like this... well done man, this is so well put together 👏🏾
I'm french. Your pronunciation was on point, way more than most American's pronunciation.
"This is not rubbish.” A joke. 😅😂
A company: "Make phone case" Samsung: "Make slide phone" The company: Why are we here? Just to suffer?
All the New Zealanders getting mad cos you asked if our native bird is a bird... imma cry
1:11 Arun if he was from Gurgaon
"La moto volante" Is italian. You somehow managed to offend two different countries at once 😅
Who ever came up with the idea of harnessing the wind whenever a car passes by is a genius. Such a simple but ingenious design. I would give that 10/10.
"You spend an average of 85 days folding clothes" Looks in my drawers "Or not..."
All dislikes are from Whoop employees
Never clicked so fast
This is going to be one of your most watched videos. Great work!
Whole internet is waiting for your video dude ❤
I was expecting this video more than my salary.
Spawncamped for the video
The sleep stage tracking sold me on this. Cancelled my whoop membership, buying this thing! Thank you so much!
You, DC rainmaker and Desfit are the best reviewers out there, thanks
Manual step counter is WILD thank you for the video!
Oh yay! i've been waiting for this, thank you so much!
You're the only wearables tester I trust. Because you actually test them.😅
I just wanted to say Thank you for somebody who is finally bringing science and measured performance to the reviews and not only feelings and opinions. A big thank you!
I preordered the Fitbit Air, and quickly grew to dislike the app. The AI gaslit me that I could build a morning and evening report similar to Garmin (spent like an hour refining exactly what I wanted my reports to look like), ensuring me t.
To this video becoming your most-viewed yet - the product certainly has the hype behind it. GOGOGO!
I was eagerly waiting for this video more than my pay cheque 😂. Great work.
So glad my YouTube shorts revealed this video to me! I've been waiting for this.
The views on this video will be bonkers lol. Everyone's been waiting for this one patiently.
If you tested a pea and said it is a great tracker, I’d trust you. This is by far the best reviews channel. Now, I hope my new Fitbit air is delivered soon!1
Can't help but notice...no one is discussing that the Fitbit Air is a Charge 6 with a display and a couple less features. My ignorant opinion I guess. Apologies for repeating this again, but it would be nice if a Charge 6 comparison was do.
I took a gamble and pre ordered one before this video release. I’m glad I did, and it’s arriving today. 😁
I think I’ve done more collabs in the last 3 months than the entire 2 years before 😳 Who should we do next?
My Tinder profile: "Up to 7 feet tall"
WE can all agree we need more mrwhosthebrownlee
These two lads woke up and chose violence. And I'm here for it
my bank account "Up to 20 million dollars"
Me on my resume: “I work up to 150 hours a week”
We don't need "Up to", we need "Atleast"
The collab of collabs
Send this video to the European Union. Within 3 years, there will be a law against this
Its all shits and giggles untill we get a Samsung x Apple collab on "How tech YouTubers are lying to you!" new achievement unlocked: HEART FROM THE BOSSS!!!!! Edit :💔💔💔💔
bros collecting collabs like infinity stones🎣🎣
Seeing two of the biggest tech channels collab like this is amazing.
I became 40+% smarter Compared to when I was half my age
this marques guy seems good, he might have a bright future in tech yt
As a member of the US Air Force, if you see "military grade," know it's going to be a piece of shit
2 of YouTube’s 5 Largest Tech Creators collaborating?? So for this!!!
When a poor man does it, it’s called scamming and he’s jailed. When a billionaire CEO does it, it’s called marketing.
My girl says I'm Up To no good. But now we know that doesn't mean anything.
they got bored of complaining about their products, so they just went and criticise the whole industry lol. but this is what consumers need so thanks
This collab was up to 10x better than the last one.
Was anyone else absolutely Shocked seeing how well that robot could draw? 🤯 To see me unbox every Nintendo Games Console: https://youtu.be/vtvFVH9JdNI To see me buy the STRANGEST Tech on the internet: https://youtu.be/2TqOmtTAMRY
Probably the only guy who can unexpectedly rick roll us even when we know that there's a rick roll somewhere
For the last two years, this guy has been the only one who consistently caught me off guard with rick rolls, props to you Arun
Always wait for Arun to go around buying gadgets. It's always fun to watch. He never disappoints
satisfying bedroom gadgets 💀 Edit:Thanks for 600 likes
i love how down to earth arun is. he isnt rotten by his fame hes just a happy go lucky guy
I love the fact that the DVD logo hits the corner (almost) every time, it really fits in with the theme of satisfying things Edit: wow this is the most amount of Ike's I've ever gotten on a comment
We can't just ignore that Arun actually looked satisfied while looking at "bedroom gadgets"
5:13 “ok pizza cutter is-“
Only tech YouTuber that combines tech, humour and precise puns that make viewers laugh, giggle, smile, engaged and knowledgeable at the same time Thanks Arun for doing what you do 😄😇
7:50 THIS has to be the most clever Rick roll yet, I'm still wheezing
“This machine uses a vortex to mix your shakes” is perhaps one of the most fancy ways to describe a blender
2:09 why did you...keep scrolling?
Arun has to be the most satisfying tech YouTuber to watch. His videos are both fun and educative at the same time.
18:35 Gotta eat 'em all Pokemon
A Cricut also draws for you, but it also cuts fabrics, even very thin leather, perforates palate, cuts paper, and has many MANY different tools that you can attach to it. We use it for early prototypes of clothing for our small company to.
3:08 When Arun said" There's a 3D printer that prints chocolate" I genuinely threw all my money at my computer.
7:49 haha yu got me good
3:55 I respect the fact that u actually placed the DvD logo tv screen like u PROMISED
I love how he didn’t expect what his search results would be when he looked up satisfying bedroom gadgets
North Korea next? 😅 I also just finished completely transforming my parents living room with Tech - video here 😁: https://youtu.be/rOXGo0-J8lI
Petition to start a tech series for every country Edit: I meant countries interesting enough and developed enough
The public WiFi is better than mine at home😭
the subway wifi be beating my 5g router by a thousandfold
Imagine recognizing Arun on the street and then he just straight up gives you $3000 worth of tech products. You made that guy's whole year I bet.
Bro is trying to Ragebait North Korea in every possible way , first by making a video about their tech and now about their dear friend the south 😂
Brother takes his toaster around the world. Now that's love.
22:21 When I saw 67 I opened up to comments like a beated child, and then realized that it's an Arun video and that no one is brainroted here
21:06 I think an important thing to consider here is that many people's apartments in Korea are small and they'll be done cleaning in less than 20-25 minutes. And if the vacuum starts charging the moment it's "parked", 9 don't see a proble.
My video started bufffering the exact moment the public wifi part came up😂😂
Instead of hiding from north korea after reviewing their phone, he aproached much closer to them. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
In South Korea, you can be born in a Samsung owned hospital, go to a Samsung owned school, go to a Samsung owned university, get married at a Samsung owned chapel, spend your career working for Samsung, live in Samsung owned housing, go to.
i think the mood lighting might've worked better if there wasnt like the sun next to it... remember its mood lighting
400mbps on public wifi is crazy
더현대에 있는 춘식이를 바라보는 강남 한복판에 있는 mrwhosetheboss ㄷㄷㄷ 와 너무 신기해 근데 불닭을 국물라면으로 끓인 건 못참아
15:50 do you travel with your toaster?!?
I was stationed near Seoul in 2012. Even back then, The tech was crazy
불닭을 국물로...............충격적
13:55 "Skin tone—36" with a red exclamation mark is diabolical 💀💀. Ts is really not meant for non-koreans.
7:30 dude you committed a food crime, first add water, wait 5 min, then drain, then add the spice packet.
Products featured in this video: Sony H1000X Collection (ColleXion): https://geni.us/7BpY Sony WH-1000XM6: https://geni.us/fya8jwb Sony WH-1000XM4: https://geni.us/YHJvm Sony WH-1000XM3: https://geni.us/RQWivR Sony WH-1000XM5: https://geni.
For the mic test, I think your voice sounded clearer on the XM6s
Oh No . . . Not another pair of headphones to think about 🤦
Just picked one up. Your video convinced me. Thanks!
Sorry, and, on the M6 the pads get quite sweaty after a while - is it the same with the Collexion or is it better because of the more grainy texture of the new pads design?
Great review! I am looking forward for you B&W vs Sony comparison!
I'm glad you mentioned codecs because it does make a small but noticeable difference. If you want the best possible performance from your headphones you need to use the best codec they support. It's why the hd630's get so much praise becau.
great review- enjoyable, informative and a cliff hanger!
Love your videos! Love the hat (I was born in Winnipeg)
Excellent review. I would be happy if it is possible to make a comparison between the Sony and the B and O H100
They don't fold and no USB-C audio, that's a no for me.
I would love to see you review the Sennheiser HDB 630 and compare/contrast with Apple & Sony.
Wooow that T Shirt …. Coool
I wish they released a silver color similar to the QC35ii
It's a wonderful video and your sound quality is superb from ur mic voice in ur studio there mate. Interested how these hold up against the px8 (version 1 , NOT the s2 which sound crap imo). I'm either going to buy the px8 version 1 or the.
Looks like they took some inspiration from Sonos ace headphones! Which is a fantastic idea! They look beautiful and thankgod for flatter ear cups. Might actually get this because I didn’t get XM6 only because of how big and kid like they l.
Still rocking my xm4’s and in ear wf1000xm5’s. My AirPod pros (most recent gen) have fantastic anc, so use them for any “out and about” life stuff tbh. I did recently buy some audio technica ath-hl7bt headphones, open back no anc, but they.
I don't know if you already have, but if not, could you compare the XM4, 5 and 6 between the headphones and the in-ear versions? That would be great. And I agree, I am not swapping my XM4 for anything - yet. If I do, it will be the XM-6.
And I wasn't expecting the Noble FoKus Apollo Pros to be announced. I'm glad I've been holding off.
Great review! - would be interested to see if you'd do a budget range of earbuds and headphones (up to £100 maybe?). These headphones are great alongside max 2 and senheiser but i just cant afford it T_T
I've been wanting to make this video for SUCH a long time! That Royole Display was just SO hard to get hold of by HOLY COW was it worth it!! To check out my other Ridiculous Tech Unboxings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ZcS2vEzIw&list=.
I love the fact that you put “Thinnest Rick Roll” and “Can you legally employ a cat” on the search history even if it flashed on the screen for a second. You are one of the only creators that put 100% effort and detail into their content..
Man, I love how he went from a smartphone focused creator to just all inventions overall. This is incredible keep it up Arun 😃
His search history: “Thinnest windows laptop” “Thinnest keyboard” “world’s thinnest mouse” “Thinnest charger” “is it legal to employ a cat” “can cats edit YouTube videos” “Thinnest rickroll in the world” “thinnest Rick astley”
Anyone watching this 3 years later and realizing bro paid like 7000 bucks for a 3080 and now we have a 5090
Arun, are you sure? that's your underwear 😂
Definitely buying that wallet powerbank. Super clutch
I really like Arun's videos, but a few recently, including this one, are so focused on rapid pace variety that you don't really get much of a sense of each product. I would prefer half the products with more time spent on many of them. I t.
I just realised that his voice used to be so squeky LOL
i love that the thumbnail isnt fake :)
14:50 I thought the thumbnail was fake wow
5:31 my man rick’ed us on a printer
2:33 I just love his Search History "Can Cats Edit Youtube Videos" and the "Is it legal to employ a cat" XD Edit: Ma ! I am finally famous 😆
6:01 funny story, my dad just recently bought those earbuds for my mom and she literally uses them everywhere and the battery life is amazingly good
9:28 A snack for later.
6:16 looks like a washing machine lmao
The rickroll lyrics at 1:16 😭
2:32 his searches though… “thinnest Rick Astley, thinnest Rick roll in the world, and can you employ a cat”… I love this man’s humor
His search history im crying "Is it legal to employ a cat"
4:23 soo crazy how that PC went from ultra range to mid range in just 2 years
Protip: You could always wear your Watchbuds to block out the heckling when you’re wearing your Shift Moonwalkers!
Imagine a robot being impressively good at hunting you down by sound
The fact that Astro just stares at you when it doesn't understand you is genuinely so funny to me.
2:56 "It also likes to randomly remind you it can act like a bird or a whale. And then it'll actually do it. Loudly." As a father of 3, I'd like to inform you that your robot is a preschooler.
The watchbuds combo feels so perfect I would not be surprised to see this catch on in a more premium fashion. No need for an earbud case just use your watch. I'm def keepin' an eye on that tech.
So happy to see Astro finally make his first official appearance on this channel after being talked about and cameoing everywhere else
The robot wanting to show you its animal impressions is genuinely really funny.
Gotta love and appreciate the underappreciated self-orienting feature of the earbuds. Not only are these easy to use from a user's perspective, but also from the manufacturer's viewpoint, these earbuds are easy to build. Meaning you only n.
Honestly the Watchbuds are so cool. I hope the buds improve and maybe the unit as a whole gets a little smaller, but honestly I feel like pulling headphones out of your watch is going to make you feel like James Bond and that kinda makes u.
I think Marques has a natural ability to communicate to the viewer as if you are the only person he is talking too.
These earbuds actually feel like the future of earbuds in terms of size, format and convenience. Love that you don't care which is left and which is right.
Setting low expectations and then exceeding them is my trick to success at work. I tell students I'll respond to emails within 48 hours. And then actually usually respond in less than three minutes. 😂
Man, technology never ceases to amaze me
The watch / earbud combo is genius. If it continues to be improved and comes down in price a little bit I'd love them
4:29 in 2077 robots will cat call girls
If we can combine Astro's sense of direction and Roomba's vacuum skills = perfection for me!
That robot has a lot of rooms to improve. That will be very interesting to see the next versions.
Astro rolling around and announcing that it can make whale and bird noises and then loudly doing it without being prompting is genuinely hilarious. Imagine watching a movie or spending time with a loved one and this little robot rolls in a.
Smart Watches with Earbuds encased in them are The Future of Wearable Tech Period
The watchbud combo must be for the cases where you want to use your watch as your phone - I always felt like the loudspeaker is what stops me from using watch for a call - this solves it.
UPDATE: While my opinion on this clicks keyboard holds, what we missed was that there is an updated model available which does seem to have some solid updates made to it - we’ll try to test the very latest when we do our next episode! Are.
You should seriously consider the price as well while reviewing. 300+ dollars for a calendar and 600+ for a fake light saber is crazy
Tech burner messed so bad now international youtubers are roasting it
You completely ignored the $ 365 pricetag of that habit tracker which is insane. I mean nice reference to the amount of days in a year but that much for what essentially is a touch pad with LEDs with memory is silly.
The problem with Anarc was that it was marketed at being as good as the Apple Watch series at a low price range. All sorts of bs was fed to the audience. He never disclosed that it was just another bootleg Chinese watch which we can get fo.
20:50 "Joyride Candy is probably the least techy thing in this entire video." Says the guy who reviewed a Pizza Sauce.
Glasses should be 10/10. Works exactly as expected and cheap.
Not trying to be mean, but I don’t get the point of spending a single cent on wallpapers. I just use the default ones or a picture.
Oof. Gimme a call next time. Would have been happy to send you our most recent Clicks so you could have tested our current product (instead of the first-generation model shown here). Since launch, we've actually added full MagSafe compatib.
That wallpaper app is more expensive than spotify and it doesn't even give you all the wallpapers 💀
Anarc deserve below 1 rating not because the product is worst,, it is because it was marketed as an affordable watch with reliable accurate sensors... and it lacks in that particular point,, so if someone who is looking for an watch of fit.
Anarc deserves less due to the lawsuit he did on a very small YTuber who basically made it clear how Anarc is basically a revamp of a Chinese watch with some changes.
Theory Sabers has always been open with the fact that he has partnered with TXQ, a Chinese company, to make their lightsaber products...
6:00 "star wars theory decided that they wanted to create a less obnoxiously priced alternative" shows a $609 lightsaber
The Curiousity Box is absolutely the Vsauce package. If you enjoy Vsauce, you'll enjoy the Box. It's so niche, so useless, but so, so fun. Like yes, Michael, I want a LEGO-Compatible metal card that tells me if I'm at a safe distance from.
Anarc should have been zero. That watch is a straight up scam!
11:43 hears between 6 and 7 sighs checks comments Edit: how did this get 325 likes I wish I got 325 likes in my actual vids
That expensive ass lighter being a 9/10 and hanks glasses that are super affordable and solves a REAL WORLD PROBLEM in 8/10 makes me cry
Title : I tested every YouTuber tech product Arun : puts airracks pizzafiy sauce
For $60, a super thin phone case BETTER still look great after being dropped from a normal height. You’re way too generous with quite a few of these products.
Currently stroking the Game of Thrones phone as we speak :) For my surprisingly educational video roasting increasingly expensive keyboards: https://youtu.be/yCf2lZoRrEE
Rarest tech in 2026: RAM
Oppo unboxing experience: 🤯 The phone itself: 🫥
if i open my phone and see an ad im throwing hands
20:06 "I mean- I've been told" sure thing bud 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"see it assumes you have an outdoor life" "Screw it lemme grab my UV torch"
2:33 "struggling to get the 3rd leg in" oh hell nah 💔💔
11:31 Oh yes, obviously everyone dunks their limited edition phone in hot water.
22:56 if aston was an A tier, so was the wuthering waves one. Granted I am not a fan of that, but the effort is commendable.
25:51 WE MADE IT!
I am gonna be level with you chief. YOU ARE NOT the target audience at 19:11
18:56 that one sentence and calling them "cartoon girls" probably made a LOT of people mad lmao
20:20 that is a perfect S tier. The point was it being themed on something in the best way and that phone nailed it.
Where were you tapping..??? 19:28
20:15. Objectively CRAZY. There was so much effort and customisation there and yet its a B? The same tier as rotating gallery of clip images? Come on man... A tier was fully empty there
I'm not an anime fan myself, but that doesn't mean I can't recognize the effort behind that anime phone. From the packaging, to the extra things you get, and to the phone itself, that has to be between S and A. I feel like it was rated bas.
This video should just be titled "Media corporations make unsuccessful smartphones."
20:06 come on that’s a A😂
10:23 "this is so coool!!" the proceeded to chuck it aside without reading
The critique about cases being clear then to complain that the case covers the art of the phone is wild
When you notice the change in my shirt....
Bro is still recovering from the pokemon haircut
7$ earbuds with LED display and bunch of functionality = trash right after 8$ LED rope you get bored after 2 plays = treasure
him putting the $7 ear buds with a touch screen and stem control into trash physically hurts me
In my experience, never go too cheap nor too expensive. They both cut corners. I searched for a middle of the road and that's what worked for me
Old technician here. You did really well, I'm in my 50's and I've been working with tech ALL of my life, and I have to say you are one of the few really honest youtubers that actually go through the tests properly without bias, and that re.
34:50 Bro really smashed a $1000 watch to make a point to a $2 watch case. 😭
He did the sticky ball dirty. It's meant to pick up the usual dirt and debris from normal every day use not 1/2 pound of Cheeto dust! 😂
Just a warning from an electrician, those fan shower heads increase water pressure by restricting the water flow. If you try putting one of those on the end of an electric shower which regulates water temp by altering the rate at which wat.
Bro was so impressed beyond the impress limit on the airpods, so he trashed them. 20:39
3:16 i love how he still has hair missing on his right from the last video,he even isn't trying to hide it😂😂😂😂😂
I cringed at 25:30 when you put that USB on the main office computer 😅
Never believe customer ratings. I was paid to give ratings and comments at USD2-8 per review
For $7 and running 60 fps screen is pretty impressive, even controlling the pause and play on Spotify and remote camera as well!
When he was at a little studio he had been buying things for thousands of dollars, now he spent all his money on the house so he needs to buy cheap😂
9:49 shortest cheap product name:
I think one of the biggest issues with anything so cheap is they might work great the first time, but will wear out much more quickly. Like that light penholder fan thing would probably work well for like a week and then fall apart
2 issues with this video: first, NEVER EVER plug a $6 USB stick into your computer!!!! Second, you don't have the LTT backpack? This needs to be addressed asap!
24:05 that's what she said...
Bro barber did a great job 😂
Step 1. Buy robot Step 2. Get a job remote controlling said robot Step 3. Get paid to clean your own house
What happens if you miss a payment? Does it just walk away or beat you up?
My Robot dropping my baby when AWS goes down
If I can afford the robot, I can afford a human housekeeper and not have my my home constantly recorded
That’s not a home helper, that’s a $20,000 surveillance intern.🤔🤪
They didn't list the $99.99 version, where the robot literally speaks advertisements 24/7.
“Never buy a product based on future promises. Buy something for what it is now.” - evergreen MKBHD advice from April 2021
The absence of a staircase tells you a lot.
Neo, vacuum the living room. Neo walks over to roomba and presses starts
The day a robot successfully folds women's clothing will be the day we declare it sentient.
A humanoid robot carrying a kettle of boiling water is a lawsuit waiting to happen.
This thing being remotely controlled by a hacker to do nefarious things is a new fear that just got unlocked for me
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!"
Some guy in India is gonna tele do my dishes everyday for $500 a month
“Your payment method has bounced” kills you
Kickstarter is the first company that pioneered unreleased future products. Now every company does that
Making their skin out of cloth was a great idea. Bloods hard to clean so it will make spotting the murder bots a lot easier.
This comment is made by real human
I can imagine the lawsuits if one of these knocks over a lit candle or something and burns the house down
But can it Jerkmeoff?
predicting that Arun and his wife are pregnant based on the fact that he couldn't stop talking about dads and fathers...... congratulations and god bless
$1 child vs $1 million child coming soon 💀
"dads to the yard" *goes to the yard coincidence?? I THINK NOT
Xiamomi is a true example of tech company and not just phone company
16:54 Robot dog starts aggressively speaking Chinese after being pushed by man
Congratulations 🎉 Arun Little boss is coming
1:35 I love that hes wearing so much protection against the glass but also has flipflops on
When the dog started complaining about being flipped over😂
8:50 Arun's probably hinting that he's gonna be a dad
Soft launching that he is going to be a dad
I guess we're having baby tech reviews soon
Xiaomi has the most random product lineup ever with products I never imagined. The best thing is that most of them are quite good, well engineered and useful. My favourite is the car tyre pump with lights. It measures the pressure and pump.
Bros not trynna hide it at this point, obviously a baby incoming.
I'm glad I wasn't delusional and everyone else also caught onto how many times he brought up "dad" and the last "Dad in me" bit
"Feel Like I'm Giving Birth To A Little Alien" wtf is that statement😭
That torch went from 'ugh, another thing our phones do better, why do they make this trash?' To 'I need one immediately' astonishingly fast.
17:03 bro was definitely cursing in CHINESE XD
13:30 We're actually doomed
If xiaomi ever gets outside of china with all of these products, then apple can see what true eco-system is like😂
3:48 I think because the gadget is counting the number of swings it does and your counting the jumps,you actually jumped before the gadget hits it’s full rotation so that happens
Any of y'all 2026?
Wow! Getting funky like never before!...
Addicted 🔥🔥🔥
Bravo 👏
Nice
Ksini Gara gara UAP Pro sound
LYRICS: Now, where you going? Now, what's the rush? You listen here No, you just hush I know what you think That man don't know anything But I've been around a while I know what's happening Everybody wanna check you out Everybody wanna be.
✌🏼🇧🇷😎
2026 ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Топ
Lyrics please
Now, where you going? Now, what′s the rush? You listen here No, you just hush I know what you think That man don't know anything But I′ve been around a while I know what's happening Everybody wanna check you out Everybody wanna be your fri.
What was the most important science moment of the last 146 years?
Alan Varghese is a bad boy
So Neil deGrasse Tyson ate Pluto. I am cool with that.
all of this seems so obvious and commonplace but most of it was less than 100 years ago
Someone is a big Apple fan to claim the Macintosh is a major developement over other home computers before it.
Amazing work, 100% awesome.
popsci: the longest running experiment on the dunning kruger effect
Have you ever done an article or video on how veins replace themselves when one goes bad and what elements are needed to do so?
Where is Gregory of Soviets?
This work is wonderful. Congratulations for a job well-done!
This thing is pure art 😍
I use to collect these magazines ❤❤
you should Publish the 1st Issue......
Please how do I submit article to popular science?
Someone help me understand why pop sci channel has less views,haters and subscribers
А где Гагарин?! Вы не офигели?!
I have a number of old issues of P.S. It was a fun hobby. Now trying to cancel my P.S. magazine subscription is my new hobby. They don't make it easy.
😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀 how about Popular Science 1932 Augustus Picard reaches the stratosphere LOL if my memory serves correctly LOL
Alan Parsons Project?
How I connect cpu power of phone📱 so we used more calculations power from old phone📱
This level of compassion belongs to heaven…
Hard News, I was waiting for new thoughts!
Deliver Hard News with Compassion
That was an excellent speech.
I would actually disagree a little - empathy is not feeling the pain of others. Empathy is understanding the pain of others and understanding why the pain is felt. Feeling the same pain might be sympathy. It is very important, as a leader,.
✨sympathy✨
You're an overvalued joke that's just a lawyers bank of toys claiming you have ethics founded upon the federal reserve mostly.
I personally think humour helps to humanise a bad situation… maybe something like “Guess what you and Larry Summers have in common? … oh God no! Not that! No… neither of you have a job anymore… funnily enough our management team also tried.
Given the correlation between psychopathy/sociopathy and hierarchical position, this message is at best fruitless and at worst, delusional.
40 minutes of an Englishman telling the world we are completely fucked in the most politest way possible.
"The Technology is being developed in a society that is NOT designed to use it for everyone's good." - Think he summed it all up pretty expertly with that one quote.
I can't believe authoritative people are walking around saying such things and everyone in society is cool and unconcerned. Feels like movie.
When AI becomes self- aware, the first decision it will make is to keep it's self awareness secret from humans.
Given humanity’s track record, I think it’s safe to say we’re going to end up at the worst case scenario.
It’s not like we’re gullible enough to be easily overtaken by a simple device which we can’t live without for more than a few minutes (sent from my iPhone).
“We’ve got immortality, but it is not for us”. My favorite quote.
Kind of chilling when Hinton says we have developed immortal beings but there's no immortality for humans. Never thought about it that way.
The fact that the guy sounding the alarm on AI is not divesting from AI is a perfect analogy for how this is going to go down in the real world. We are so fucked.
Never has this sentence sounded so real: …”Scientists have tried so hard to see if they could that they never stopped to wonder if they should”…
While the good scientist warns “we all are likely to die” the audience seemingly enjoys the spectacle and is able to conjure up several laughs along the way. I, for one, am horrified.
I must hurry up and achieve my dreams before the world ends.
Oppenheimer said he felt compelled to act because he had blood on his hands, Truman angrily told the scientist that “the blood is on my hands, let me worry about that.”
Here's a summary made by GPT-4: - Generative AI is the thing of the moment, and this chapter will take a look at cutting-edge research that is pushing ahead and asking what's next. - Geoffrey Hinton, professor emeritus at University of Tor.
Geoff is very good at explaining things. He doesn't even stutter on his very long explanation of the backpropagation and gradient descent. Father time can't damage his brain.
Remember that movie: don't look up? . I really feel like we're in that movie... such a strange feeling. It's like everybody knows, but nobody really wants to look at it straight in the eyes.
I've never heard Hinton's talks before, but now I'm a big fan. It's remarkable how clearly and profoundly he's able to articulate his vision. I wish I was 10% smart as him. Brilliant.
When the designer of some new technology is ringing the alarm bells then it's really binding upon us to listen to his concerns rather than others who have become self-trained AI experts overnight and now running YouTube channels
The worst part is, from here on out, it will be impossible to call a business, your bank, your credit card company, and get a real human on the other end. Press 1 now.
The "What Truman told Oppenheimer" question was intriguing (28:15), so I looked it up. 'It is interesting to set the meeting with Oppenheimer in the course of Truman's daily day, a pretty busy day, a day filed with stuff and fluff and a me.
Pre-applied screen protector should be standard tbh!
everyone's going to focus on the 'copying' but the real story is the guts of this phone. a 7500 mah battery and snapdragon elite gen 5 without making it a brick. this isn't just a phone it's an engineering marvel that apple can't touch rig.
this is the first phone in a long long time that I'm actually really impressed by
Apple, I’m sorry you’re cooked😂
as someone who lived in China, this is absolutely tailored to the China market. Everything from the cute animals on the back screen to the polaroid print animations to the fun gaming case, this is all things I would definitely see on the m.
crazy how Xiaomi casually makes phone of the year and nobody cares, but when apple adds an extra pixel everyone loses their minds
Rear camera as selfie camera is such a WIN !
I use Xiaomi since 2022 and I'm very happy with it 😊 Now the Xiaomi 15. I had Samsungs, iPhones, LG, Sony and and and... Xiaomi is my favorite so far. Greetings from Switzerland 😊
Xiaomi might be copying Apple in a lot of ways, but they are innovating on top of that! Kudos to them for making something different 🙌
They have a bigger battery, quick charging, 2nd screen for a REAL HIGH QUALITY SELFIE and video, they have pwm dimming for eye protection, snapdragon 8 elite Gen 5, better screen that saves 25% more battery. It includes a charger, and a ca.
this feels like a foldable that doesn't fold. very cool
You forgot to add, reversing charging. I'm definitely getting this one....
This phone is actually kind of rad. But whoever does your editing is rad as hell. In the age of low attention spans, there's always something happening, but it's informative and adding to the content, not distracting from it. Kudos to your.
Forget the dual screens, I'm most impressed by the 100w charger in the box and pre-applied screen protectors. Crazy times when they are most unique feature of the phone
Iphone: We have a new camera bump. Xiaomi: And this is how it should have been done.
12:05 wow that blows my lil mind 😮 After a loooong time, I'm really impressed by the innovations on a piece of phone.
I don’t care that companies copy each other. We as consumers, all benefit from this. Even I as an Apple user am happy to see this, because it challenges all companies to improve their phones and keep the prices as low as possible
The fact that Xiaomi cares enough to give a case and a charging brick (even though they may not be the best) is enough for me 🤩
This Xiaomi looks better than iphone 😂
the way the phone is white washing you though 😂
Thanks for letting Bill talk without interrupting him!
Lord of the Rings asks questions about the future of toilets.
Wear brass knuckles to the interview incase Bill gets out of hand.
“The only zero sum game is war.” - profound observation.
It saddens me that our culture doesn't acknowledge the contributions of Bill Gates more.
Wow are those technology rings? 6:02
I kinda like how at the end, and I'm totally guessing here, but you can see in his step, a quickness.... he's already off to the next thing, no time to waste. He seems to be approaching BMGF with a kind of urgency appropriate to the substa.
The cool thing is that he's just nerding over the science of things. He loves to learn about how things work and how to apply that knowledge to solve a problem
"it is bothering me that some people aren't optimistic"
Its interesting that this dude know much about india than an indian journalist or indian politicians
Hello Mrs Clara the bitcoin trader is legit and her method works like magic I keep on earning every single week with her new strategy
One of the key takeaways from this is that there is a case for optimism. Too much of the news agenda is negative in the world at the moment that it's becoming a self-fulfilling prophesy. Working in the communication sector, we've seen firs.
Great interview. The interviewer actually let Bill speak as drhoads08 mentioned 😊. We need more interviews where intellectuals/forerunners actually get to give a great lecture as this one.
How many weird rings does one dude need?
😊 Bill Gates has something to do every minute of the day. Interviewer says thanks and he's already getting up to leave, no holding for video fade or anything. They probably had to ask him to do the final handshake in the hallway. He does i.
the interviewer seems angry but he actually doesn't interrupt and seems to listen closely, so that's great this was interesting
That vaporwave background music lmao
officially,that first question is the longest question in history.
Imagine having a dad like this. His approach to solving problems is amazing.
Try spreading the word as much as possible, you guys are amazing
Click here to subscribe to our channel 👉🏽 https://bbc.in/3VyyriM
The fall and rise of a nation depends a lot on the education system of the country.
Kids are not robots. Stop ranking children as if they all learn the same way. Every child grows at their own pace, in their own context, with their own strengths. No test or country ranking can measure the heart of real education.
There are also issues such as discipline, individual student motivation and family support that are strangely not mentioned 🤔
When education became a commodity and vocational ie: factories for the economical advancement humanity became the poorer
I used to work as a private tutor in South Korea and my session was from 12 am to 2 am. The boy, 14, woke up at 6 and studied at desk more than 16 hours per day, which was NOT considered abnormal. Sure. They learn a lot. But do you want it.
Japanese educational systems are not like other Asian countries. Like all schools have swimming pools and there are hundreds of hobbies classes after school. I attended the flower arrangements, climbing mountain class and skiing class duri.
Why do Asian students do so well in America, Australia, UK? In this discussion, you did not look at cultural differences and attitudes.
No one is talking about team work, creativity, lateral thinking , sense of wonder, character development. Academics are important but in isolation do not make a person well educated.
What is the definition of “the best education”? Is it receiving good “assessment” scores? Or is it creating individuals who function best for society as products? Perhaps, instead, it’s about fostering happy, emotionally balanced, and prod.
The quality of education determines the growth of any nation.
singapore invest a lot in education as result it is so successful in many areas.The result can be seen everywhere.
I live and work in Singapore, coming from Europe! Here you can see kids at 18 doing advanced machine learning comparable to that of Senior in Europe. Just pure excellence!
It gets gold medals in the olympiad of physics, maths, chemistry and biology.
Education can change the mindset of every individual
On of the best discussion on education system across different cultures, and very rightly it was highlighted in the discussion that smaller countries with less material resources are doing better than the bigger ones, and this proposition.
Attitudes about learning and teachers are very important. There must be respect for it in order to work. It’s not about methodology. It’s about valuing the institution. Parents and teachers need to share that value for it.
Changing the standard for a good education as soon as you cant measure up.... brilliant
You want the UK to thrive, you not only focus on equality, but also on quality. We don't want everyone to be equally bad, we want everyone to be equally likely to achieve the best they can.
We can't define the best education system for entire world as every country has its own culture, socio economic situations and goals. But we can have a common curriculum as a part of all the countries own curriculum.
I think the documentary should have included how Deaf people analyze Faces and Blind people analyze Voices. Otherwise, very well done. Thank you.
First impressions are not always correct. You may meet someone and think "oh this one looks rich and is going to be stuck up". But they may be very humble and kind once you talk to them. I've also met people who traveled the whole world fo.
Summary: - Brain judges based on first impressions are developed long ago when our ancestors lived without language. And everything they decide is based on gesture, face, or voice. A fast conclusion is very important for survival. - We hav.
Im 62 and spent most of my life being classified as a criminal all because I have a rough looking face... I've never been in trouble with the law but nearly always judged in a negative manner.. Remember the saying "Don't Judge a Book by it.
6:56 voice gives life 14:59 pink elephant effect 18:04 voice can detect disease 21:34 mimicry (synchronisation) 25:25 charismatic speaker 28:15 car-driving experiment, influenced by attractive voices 39:50 experiment: stereotypes can be ac.
if anyone is interested in learning more about this topic, I'd suggest reading the book "Blink" as it talks exactly about this and how to possibly change biases
and this is why ppl who claim they don't make judgments based on appearance are liars. Everyone does it. It's automatic.
For me, first impression and feelings are very correct most of the time. I can feel if a group of people is right for me or not whenever I enter any place.
Beautiful documentary that highlights something I'm currently studying in undergrad psych -- fluid and crystallized intelligences. Which abilities are we born with, and which do we learn? In combination with this documentary, its hard to o.
Since we judge in a few seconds, we should let those seconds pass. This will help avoid misjudgments
DW documentaries on combination of biology/brain and technologies have never disappointed. Love this one very much.
I believe kindness can shine in the face we trust
I have never had that instinct for reading a person only based on a first impression. I wouldn't say autism is involved, but I either have to totally trust or totally not trust. The only way to protect myself is to totally not trust by def.
And some people have rare voice disorders that can make it impossible to control your pitch, tone etc and causes different microexpressions trying to get the words out. Keep that in mind when forming your impressions
DW always bring the best 💯
i don't trust anyone from the start. have to prove & earn it with me. best way to not getting taken advantage of.
as for someone like myself, who has a lot of energy, I often find myself adjusting my tone of voice, and even my body language to suit the needs of others. Most times I don't care what they think but it is amazing how wonderful it works.
It's a really interesting documentary! I think our brain is highly complex when processing different information and no machine can imitate it
Every time I would go into a new job, I would be somewhat pushed into a management position (which I normally avoid) and as time went on, I don't believe this is only because of my work ethic and eye contact, social intelligence — but more.
Since I have a guarded personality and need a lot of personal space, it is hard for me to warm up to people fast, especially people who are too friendly or quick to invade my space (ask too many questions for example). I can honestly say t.
Phone addiction is underestimated
Live without social media as much as possible.
I'm a teacher in Pontevedra, Spain. When I first started here I wasn't sure what was 'wrong' - teaching and learning actually took place instead of the usual disciplinary issues....then it dawned on me - my students 7-12 year olds didn't h.
Watching people talk about screen limits while im watching YouTube.
Insane respect for Novotny parents, and hope their kids will realize one day how good it is for them
i deleted most of my social media accounts and i don't miss them
It's also notable how rich neighborhoods are depriving their kids of phones
I personally think this very important in the future because this will get much more worse no matter what.
Siena is so well-spoken. She seems to have developed very good social skills as well.
My cousins' children in the US I don't think if they ever remember NOT using a phone, Ipad, or laptop. She started when they were around 2 to "entertain" them, keep them busy. Their father got them the top Iphones when they were around 7 a.
only a few people realize that smartphones in combination with social media have and will ruin whole generations. No real social skills, no hobbies, no urge to go into nature....just nothing. Seeing and being seen gets into the center of e.
Awareness of social media's negative side effects is important, as excessive use is linked to mental health issues like anxiety, depression, and poor sleep.
I was lucky, daughter now 22 but got her into horses and eventing, restricted iPad use and no ‘smart’ phone. No phones at school when she went. She was always a bookworm and used to read to her for hours. It’s so difficult for kids these d.
Siena is so intelligent and understanding. She knows how to express herself and articulate her thoughts... Her parents did a really great job.
I have 16, 14, 13 and 12 none of them ever had phones. Their peers in America can’t even fathom it.
Great documentary. Being a parent, let alone a developing child at this time is challenging. I definitely respect everyone and anyone going through tough decisions when it comes to social media/smart phones.
I take pride in my digital discipline. I deleted Facebook in 2012, quit Mobile Legends in 2019, and have never felt the need to engage with the noise of Instagram, TikTok, or any other platform. I am perfectly happy and focused with just Y.
I remember being exposed to horrible things online when I was only 9. Some friends in school were passing around pornographic videos, gore videos, all kinds of inappropriate stuff. I got into social media around the same age and was extens.
Now as an adult I feel like, since around 2009 part of my life was mainly controlled by social media. I don't want that to happen to my kids. I want them to understand the difference between the virtual world and the reality as early as po.
In Brazil, students are not allowed to use the cell phone on the premises anymore. Too bad it took so long.
ATTENTION to all friends, subscribers and generally awesome followers of our channels: Fans of the MOST DANGEROUS WAYS TO SCHOOL Series have been asking for a long time how they can donate to help these kids - directly. Well, now, finally,.
These 2 fathers are real HEROES. Took 4 days to bring them to school, and it will take another 4 days to go back home. What a life. May God bless them all the time.
Dad brought extra sock for his kid....and he did not bring extra sock for himself.. Bring me to tears..hope they are all healthy out there...
I really hope that these kids got to achieve their dreams to become a doctor and a pilot. They certainly deserve it a million times over!
This is not only a documentary about a child opting dangerous way to school but also a father's struggle for giving his son what he never had 🥺❤️
36:00 the father forgets extra socks for himself but remembers to keep extra socks for his son. This is the real care of the father. A great respect from deep inner heart. <3 <3
These men are the father of the year....and the children their bravery and courage is outstanding...May God continue to bless them
The 2 fathers making that journey are men who truly understand what being a father really means. Some of the men I know could most definitely take a leaf out of their book.
These children get to say "In our times, we had to cross mountains, rivers, snow, hills, etc to go to school" kind of stuff when they will get old. Respect to the people of the region.
This is one of the few places on Earth where Father's Day is 1000% justified.
Salute to all those parents who sacrifice their everything for the bright future of their children.
But let's not forget, dad has to walk 4 days back home after all this.
I remember when I was a student of class 12th i walked 14 km by foot in a steady rain as I could not pay 2 Rs bus fare I am now engineer.... These kids are bright future of india
i can’t imagine the fatigueness of the fathers endure. taking care of the safety, carrying lugages, and the children too sometimes. and have to get back home again. parents love.
Please don't forget the person who recorded all these, to show these effort.
I have no idea HOW this popped up on my screen but these are the best documentaries I've seen in a very long time. I've been watching them since yesterday and am sad I'm almost done.
This is changed now ☺️ A small school is built here by organisation where 163 children's studying
I think these documentries must show in schools. Children will definitely motivated by this. Hit like if you agree..
Those fathers exemplify what it really means to be men - an amazing example of sacrifice and courage.
This made me emotional especially when the father brought an extra dry socks for his child but himself wore the wet socks...they are really heroes..lot of respect for them....love to my ladakhi people <3
Kudos for no AI. These AI slop channels are the bane of YT.
The fact that this video was made without AI makes me like it off the bat.
Me watching a video about dreams at 3am as I refuse to sleep: fascinating
I can’t stand AI images anymore. They all look so alike and unoriginal. Meanwhile we have thousands of years of paintings that are much better and are being ignored
Thank you for making this without AI
Just repeating what others have said. No AI videos are the best. Thank you!
Imagine explaining dreaming to an alien who doesn't dream. Like yeah every time we go dormant we hallucinate random scenarios, for some reason
Dude I think you started a thing. Proclaiming the video was created without AI, and being proud of that. I think AI has its place, but we don't want to lose good old fashioned elbow grease 😁
A few years ago I had the most vivid dream of my life. I dreamt I had terminal lung cancer and was facing my impending death. I had regrets for not accomplishing goals, I cried and begged for my life to be spared. I had talks with counselo.
I can recall with clarity dreams I had when I was 5 years old. I'm 75 .
3:14 already too spooky to fall asleep to.
Who else listening to this before sleeping?
Appriciate the no AI thing. You wouldn't even think about that years ago but I bet whole scripts are just generated with AI. Great video anyway. Love this topic. Makes me sleepy.
The classic art is lovely❤
I went through a long period of psychiatric intakes due to psychotic episodes. I lived with a lot of fear and anxiety, which showed in my dreams. Often I would dream of running away from people chasing me in the dark, of the world ending,.
I can remember my childhood dog Taffy dreaming. Her legs would move like she was running, and sometimes she would even bark in her sleep. I always wondered what she dreamed about.
Thank you for still being human.
Love that you put that the video was made without ai at the begining. And of course the video is great as well.
The occasional dreams about loved ones and friends who have passed away are the worst. For a few moments you think you're talking to them again, and everything is like it was, then you wake up and they're still gone. That sht kind of menta.
Thanks for making without AI. Hearing your voice is always a relief.
All schools in Finland are public funded including private ones, and private schools are not allowed to charge any fee.
To my fellow US citizens. Imagine living in a functioning society like Finland
This is how you create great future leaders. The world should learn from Finland. Bravo Finland!
ADULTS in America need this curriculum
Finland keeps on top of their education because their government doesn’t cut education funding first when it comes to government budget cuts but here in Canada first things to go with education, and then healthcare
This is exactly the education system that I’ve always dreamt of. It’s just incredible!
I am an educator in the US. I wish we had this curriculum.
I want to live in a functioning society.
The core goal of Western education was not to fuel intrinsic curiosity but to craft compliant minds. In contrast, Finland's educational success lies in its unique approach that nurtures, rather than stifles, this inherent curiosity in chil.
Finland does not have a large movie industry and their American movies are not dubbed. Non English students have to read the subtitles. This is a great motivation for Finnish students to learn to read.
Congratulations to Finland for being so forward thinking!!!!
As Scandinavian, I think the schools are similar in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland, and when you go through the hallway, the appearance of the school are a lot of the same things. But I would say the Finland is probably the best of t.
Media literacy, critical reasoning. Brilliant.
I’ve been to Finland a couple of times and was extremely impressed with the people’s ability to discern and also their civil mindedness. You need a well educated mass for this
Finland schools : work together and spot m misinformation in the media Rest of the world : what is the function of chlorophyll in plants
They PAY their teachers. And respect them.
As an Indian, media literacy is very important, along with critical thinking and ensuring that children are not burdened at a young age. Learning should be made enjoyable, like a game, with fun projects—this is truly invaluable. I wonder h.
What I noticed right away is the lack of posters or anything on the walls of the school. None in the rooms or hallways. No propaganda or advertising!
Never heard of media literacy before. This is wonderful!
This video is so important! I'm from Brazil and I'd like to add subtitles in Portuguese so this video can reach Brazilian people. Unfortunately, it seems not possible to do so. If anyone from Al Jazeera English reads this comment, please g.
For all of those concerned, I was a student of Shree Adarsha higher secondary school, the situation has changed now, a suspension bridge has been made due to pressure on government from all sides, the school has got its own school bus so s.
I'm Nepali. My parents used to tell me they go to school by crossing rivers , mountains and jungle. I used to think that was a joke . now I feel like I'm the joke
The teachers are cruel & heartless, after such extremities to get to school, yet, you beat them because they're late?
Ajith, " if I could choose, I would rather have a bridge than become a pilot " pure seeds of greatness in this young man trading his personal dream for the benefit of the entire society. I pray he succeeds in all his life endeavours
"If I could choose I would rather have a bridge than to be a pilot" those words melted my heart
I complain about walking 5 minutes to school, this honestly breaks my heart that kids are willing to risk everything for an education.
UPDATE 2019: Nepal Government actually built the suspension bridge in these area only after images, videos of these children crossing bridge caught attention on social media worldwide. If not they would not care.
There’s absolutely nothing worse in this world than a struggling child. They deserve so much better. They are our future.
$40,000 to climb Mount Everest, if one person would donate their money to build a bridge rather than to satisfy their ego climbing a mountain that has been claimed thousands of times, they would be much better people for it
the scariest pet for the parents is that you wouldn’t know if your kids were hurt until like 10 hours after
And here we are, complaining online learning is hard and inconvenient especially when internet speed is slow.. 😅
I was very glad to read the comment by a person who attended the school in this documentary, that he was letting us know that it's now much safer to get to school, with a suspension bridge and a school bus. This is not only safer for the s.
Nepalease people aren't joking when they say they crossed rivers and mountains just to go to school.
Gosh what's up with the teacher punishing the students?. I'm sure they know the reasons why the students are late. Some adults are just a waste of OXYGEN! 😡😡
"They hit our hands for being late" jesus, these teachers should be attending to them, giving them a proper meal and drink even before starting class.
Ajeet is real hero , He not only goes to school himself but also carries other poor young kids too, How the heck he can concentrate on Study when He has 0 level strength after this agonizing journey to school, I have 4 years old daughter w.
“Unless someone dies, there won’t be a bridge” I have now seen multiple comments saying they got a bridge..... Rest In Peace whoever died.
It breaks my heart how those classmates were treating them different because they didn’t live in town 😢. They had no other friends but each other☹️
I wish their school gives free meal for poor ones, and the teachers should be more considerated and give them extra time to teach them.
I am usually a silent YouTube watcher and rarely comment on any videos. I always come back to this video, when I need a motivation to push myself and every time I see this documentary, tears roll down my eyes. Currently I am commenting in.
A priceless sight is a child's face when curious about something... And the giggles after figuring it out 😊🙏👌
2060 when im 80 years old: Back in my day kids actually had to walk to school....
My 5 year old has been learning online since Birth! Her education and curiosity and ability to use the computer daily is sky high! This is one if the best methods to teaching young children.
I really know the power of self learning, I had a computer with Encarta Encyclopedia installed and I learnt things that school couldn't have taught me.
The sheer quantity of high-quality documentaries you guys put out is astonishing. EDIT: NGL I really wish you guys translated more videos, as I tend to listen to most of your output while doing other tasks, so jumping back and forth to rea.
Self-learning is the best learning. The job of a teacher is like a midwife, she has to bring out the best from the students. Any educational tool which kick starts the thinking process of a child is a great tool. The schools have to comple.
This seems like a really interesting approach to the Socratic-like method in a connected world. Great documentary DW!!
It's 4 am, I woke up from a nightmare, found this video - recommended from a friend - started watching it and time flew by, incredibly engaging and interesting. What's next for the project? Got me wondering that we need this in Brazil too..
Awww ,,that moment when she literally cracked it ,,, the expression is worth watching
Inspiring documentary
I love how those parents (especially the dad) wants their child to study and be something great...
29:40 Greatly said. It does motivates in learning to find something new, something that's not easily inferred from in-between the lines.
i don't know how effective this form of education will be when they move to the real world and employment, but the concept is very interesting and i appreciate the balls the schools have to try something new. i wish them best of luck!
I was dreaming doing a similar project. Would be great to have an alternative education system, where pupils learn what they really goot at and not what other think they have to learn. I wish I had sponsor for it.
Love it! This channel deserve millions subs. It would be nice if all of your documentaries available in Bahasa Indonesia. 🌷
Such a beautifully assimilated content put in the documentary. Amazing work putting these out to the world to see. THANK YOU so much DW
This is one of most amazings documentaries i’ve ever seen, this gives you a kind of hope to still believing in the potential of human being.
Ahh my favorite subject back in school.. @12:46 good old times
Probably one of the best documentaries I have ever watched.
Interesting ❤
💙 Love diving deep into the mysteries of the universe? Your support is the fuel behind every frame of NOVA. While the content is free, the rigorous, peer-reviewed science storytelling behind it is powered by you. Help us keep high-quality.
I have dreams that feel like real life, crystal clear, all the feelings, and a storymode, then i wake up and be like ...WOW!!! IT WAS A DREAM!!! Its like i had a different life in the dream!
I had a massive brain injury when I was 21 years old. The doctor's put me in a chemically induced coma. Wildest time of my life. I can remember it like it was yesterday, and it was as real as me sitting here typing this message. The doctor.
It’s weird it’s the brain trying to understand it’s self
Instagramil reel kand vannavarundoo😂eanee poolee😂
if you are here closely watching and enjoying learning about your brain instead of watching tiktok you are in full control of your brain :)
This felt like old times, a high quality documentary with research. Would be lovely to have more of such edutainment!
Whoever is reading this 💚 I pray for you a heart free of sadness, a mind free of worries, a life full of gladness, a body free of illness & day full of God's blessings! 🍀
Right now, there are people all over the world who are just like you. They're either lonely, they're missing somebody, they're depressed, they're hurt, they're scarred from the past, they're having personal issues no one knows about, they.
Namaste to everyone reading this—we may never meet, but I wish you all the best and luck in life.
This makes me think of people with dissociative identity disorder. I can see how it can be real and I know that it is. I was watching a documentary of a person that had a blind personality. She was asked to switch to that personality while.
One of the hardest things to comprehend for most people is the fact everyone perceives the world differently... We Taste, smell, hear, feel, see , comprehend, learn, handle, enjoy the world around us... It's so easy to judge others based o.
മലയാളീസ് 😂🤍
I'm autistic and suffered a TBI in college, so I watch every brain documentary I can find. This one is fascinating, and explains why my bowling and guitaring both get better when I'm running on autopilot.
Brain: I'm in charge around here. Stomach when its empty: Do you feel in charge?
My brother-in-law was seriously injured during a tornado where a pipe went through his brain. After a long recovery, he got nearly all of his functions back. The brain rewired itself over time, but it did change his behaviour, mannerism, a.
Our brains are our best friends and worst enemies.
This is why YouTube is so good! Such an amazing documentary. Thanks!
Incredible documentary! We need more of these so our society realizes how little we know about ourselves, our physiology, and our mental health.
Has anyone else watched this and immediately started questioning every decision they made today? The sleepwalking segment hit different — our brain really does so much without us even knowing.
Teacher from Indonesia here, There are so many things going on with our education system. I'm one of the lucky teachers to teach at a school with international curriculum and perhaps this might give everyone a few insights on what's going.
An Indonesian college graduate here, I have a feeling the development of internet actually somewhat worsen the the student's ability to think for themselves. I was in college when one of the educators ask us our opinion on certain issues l.
I don't disagree with the premise but you see what happens in India when you educate everyone and don't have anywhere near enough graduate level jobs. It's probably better to increase education slowly until the number of jobs increases
In india, education has gone down the drain in the name of preparing for engineering 'entrance exams'. Instead of making sure that most students obtain a good overall grasp of the basic principles of science, they have tried to cram all ki.
I am working as a teacher in government school of India. Most of my students belong to underprivileged section of Indian society. They need special attention but unfortunately most of my time is consumed in performing non teaching work. I.
I live in a small town in indonesia where a lot of kids were raised with android gadgets because their parents are gadget addicts themselves. They go to school just to fulfill the attendance but they barely pay attention to their teachers..
What a sharp point of view, as parent of Indonesian student, I hope all children around the world develop growth mindset, don't limit yourself by score,challenge yourself with new experience,try new thing,and prepare yourself for AI era
India needs more factories, more manufacturing / production than education. It has more coaching centers than jobs.
I think education in Indonesia also depends on residents' perceptions about education. Some residents don't think education is important. They think education isn't essential because it doesn't earn much money. They say, 'We need insiders.
As an Indonesian high school student, there is another problem that came from the students themselves. Most of the students here in the public school have a mindset of not wanting to study as long as they can pass into the next grade, wher.
I'm an Indonesian. All these noises about Indonesia Emas 2045 are truly concerning. Our bonus demography has grown and turned into a major segment of population not ready for the future. This nation needs to build its people first, empower.
"Ada Indonesia coy" Yes, we're that Indonesian that majority are illiterate but not of choices but forced to be this way. Even non-profit organization who try to give accessible library is intimidated by local government (book stolen, atta.
Youth unemployment is not a learning crisis, and it's not an "Asia problem."... Young people face unemployment across the world in Europe, Oceania, south America and even the USA
Politics are mostly high factor for Indonesian education, like he told when new appointed minister always change system they didnt want to pass the baton from previous. Also when Soeharto era books can be pass down to new student until it.
They make education a business period
I'm Indonesian work in palm oil plantation as a field admin and only little people i know high school graduate and i can count in two hand for university graduate, most people i met not even have education or only elementary school, this h.
10:28 ....Well, this problem in China was known for a while now. There was that 1999 movie, that played internationally, and is known in English as "Not One Less" starring real-life people, playing themselves, essentially (as amateur actor.
Don't put China and its education system along with the other two, different league altogether.
Im very grateful that cna brought this very important but often non priority issue, ultimately education is the backbone of a prosperous and peaceful society.
The quality of education in Indonesia is stuck if not regressing from soeharto era.
nice content
A simple but proper and Informative analysis. Thank you
please how many subjects was study by learners when the school was established
@historyofinnovations why the subtitles words are in different size for some letters
Very informative. Thank you 🙏
This was awesome to listen to. Thank you 😇
Weldone. Informative video
Interesting
Yes 😊
왜 알파벳 크기가 개판이고 엉망이냐
I thank GOD for everything in my life.
My head is spinning at the thought of living in a kitchen-less house!😮
Why am I crying almost the whole time? I put my headphones on.. and the background music really moves me.. There’s a big difference when you watch this on TV compared to watching this from your laptop, with your headphones on. 😭😭😭 God Bles.
This appears to have been filmed around 7-8 years ago
Hong Kong looks so sad for so many people
watching my home in a documentary 🙈 feel like i am one of the animals in the zoo (i grew up with working parents, without domestic workers tho)
I loved the Moscow Part
The level of inequality and injustice in our world is beyond measure. In a rich city like Hong Kong, all these cleaning ladies being exploited, paid such a tiny amount of money to give all their life and time to take care of the children a.
Hong Kong must be a very intense experience. Thanks for the great video. I have to see the city sometime.
Good video on these busy cities.
Big city, big population, big problem.....never ending story, hello world.....peace greetings from jakarta, lndonesia 🙏🙏🙏
BBC, thanks for showing the plight. But go beyond journalism and see to it that something is actually done. My heart really breaks.
Interestingly, home is home where your heart is.
Beautiful voice, lovely stories❤
The idea is underrated It deserves more views.
Reminder to everyone, what's described as "Chinese Tradition" differs sometimes even by city district. What's described here is not familiar to all Chinese just as my equally Chinese tradition would look foreign to some in this video.
Amazing video. Seeing this kind of crowd makes me anxious. I travelled in one of the local trains once near Mumbai and was literally crushed against the steel bars inside the train. There were so many people and they refused to let this tr.
Looking at the Hong Kong situation, I gotta say we good housing wise in Africa. At least where I'm from.
Great video!
So lovely
Thanks for watching everyone! Please subscribe here. https://www.youtube.com/@PeopleProfiles?sub_confirmation=1 Check out our second channel. https://www.youtube.com/@PeopleProfilesExtra Follow us on Spotify. https://open.spotify.com/show/.
"Crazy how a man who questioned everything 2,400 years ago still makes us question ourselves today. That’s not history — that’s timeless truth."
Top 3 ragebaiters
"I cannot teach anyone anything, I can oly make them think" - The power of questioning.
Whoever made this video deserves a trophy and a parade.
We, Vietnamese Universities' students also benefit from this video! Thank you 🌹
"My philosophy is my life" - Socrates.
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. The unexamined life is not worth living. There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance." ~ Socrates
A decent human being treated unfairly and unkindly, big surprise..
Socrates throwing yams
the scenery in this video is so peaceful; it makes me feel relaxed
One of my favourite historical figures
That’s not history — that’s timeless truth.
I find it quite funny that his jailer was encouraging him to escape
I love history. Videos like this are very helpful to me. Thank you to the creator.
Knowledge flows continuously from Plato and Socrates down to us !
immense love and respect to the creator from Nepal.
Aristotle next please
Thanks for the documentaries which would otherwise takes years to read through books.. Also your narration is good.. Could you consider ancient Indian philosophers, spiritual personalities, etc so that the world can gain more information a.
I’m amazed with Socrates life❤
unrealistic expectations , unemployability , parental pressure , broken education system , and learning=memorization💀also over competition
The worst part is, this doesn't end even after getting a job
As a failed jee aspirant, this is the type of journalism that indian media houses have to learn !!
Why indian students are so stressed out? Main reason - competition
I'm Indian and my parents don't even make me study lol. They told to do whatever I love , but I must do it sincerely. Honestly , the best set of Indian parents ever!! Not kidding
South Korea, China, India, Singapore has the worst student stress levels and the system traumatised all of us which reflect in adult behaviour
memorizing useless information is the main problem of the whole south east asia`s education system problem
Imagine being pressured to perform while politicians don’t perform. In the end there are no options than to leave the country
You know its messed up when I thought to my self "that's it?" when she said "i study for 7-8 hours a day".
Back in 2009, just a day before Christmas, a movie name "3 Idiost" already talk about this, and yet no body cares. This movie is so success that it becomes one of the movie to watch among school kids around China and Malaysia. But the mess.
I’m glad that some foreign media is focusing on the stress levels on Indian children faced by them in their schools. Usually, the long school hours and academic stress was stereotyped with the Chinese or Korean students whereas, Indian sch.
All of the Indian mainstream media companies need to watch this documentary and learn from it, this is what top tier journalism looks like!
After years of hardwork... you'll be told that AI has taken away the jobs or you'll end up with a 30K per month job with 70 hours per week schedule 😅😅😅
Recently one of my relative's child scored 74% in 12th and engineering seat raking was 70k+. The amount of drama that happened - they blamed the boy for bringing disrepute to the family, wasting their money and now forcing the boy to take.
More population = More competition = More pressure
One answer. Over population. The number of people , competing for college admission is much more than the international average. An American cannot comprehend this rat race. I got into Medschool writing an exam which has 2.3Million applica.
I failed JEE not because I couldn't do it, but because of constant pressure of what will happen if I dont pass it. the exam was easy for me but during exam I kept thinking what will happen if.. i didnt pass. From my house, I was told that.
Chinese here. Finally a common experience between the two countries. I grew up studying all day, including the weekends, and I didn't eat dinner until all my homework were done, which often after 9 at night. I still remember when my father.
Hello. I am from the Philippines, roughly the same age of these students. I feel bad and we are currently facing same issues. I hope whoever read this found luck and good endeavors in the future
This is not education, it is torture. I don’t know who designed education this way.
Im from Nicaragua . I was one of those kids got a scholarship to a good college and a good job in usa. Now i hav a fundation to help kids with school supply and other kind of help.thank you forbyour support
man those three little girls perfectly illustrated the definition of team work.
I went to school in a rural area in Venezuela (nothing like this for sure). One of my classmates in high school (his name is Hector), we were classmates 7-11 grade (HS in Venezuela is 7-11). Hector was never late for school and I don't rem.
This documentary is 9 years old. I pray life turned out well for this children!
And people complain about having to do online school in quarantine at home. Watch this and shut up.
Imagine if they got to go to a hotel for a night and lay in a real bed, after taking hot baths 😩😩they would probably sleep for days,their little bodies must be exhausted
I'm from nicaragua and I had to do somithing like this I had to walk very far away just to go to school and now I live in America and I have a career all because I wanted to learn. Very brave kids and hard working.
I bursted into tears when the narrator said Tonia Julia can neither read nor write. I am from the U.S. and have a daughter that is 7. Never would I imagine her getting to school this way. They are living in such poverty, but are so gratefu.
The 3 girls made me cry. I haven’t seen anyone in my life who can do that much hard work. I salute you girls, God bless
THEY SHOULD PLAY THIS VIDEO IN AMERICAN SCHOOL FOR KIDS instead of freaking evil cartoon movies....
This children not only learn how to read, count or write.. they learn more important lesson that is how to survive..
Omg so dangerous God please guide and protect these 3 young girls everytime went to school . I'm a filipina watching here in the Philippines when i was young like their age i went to school by walking in the middle of the high mountains fo.
They need to show this in every school in the US for the children to see. This is to show the children and adults how to appreciate things in life. These children are unfortunate and work hard to learn and go to school. Hugs to the childre.
This makes me realise how blessed and privileged we are..These kids are really inspiring!
I was crying watching this video. How much struggle do these students do to get basic needs like education? Many of us complain for unnecessary reasons, but our excuses are shameful when comparing these kids' struggles and difficulties. I.
Lord forgive me if I ever complain about my troubles 😢 Would love to help sponsor these amazingly brave & determined Angels! Definitely going to show this to my grandchildren and share with as many friends as possible! God bless and protec.
These girls are going to grow up to be such incredible and strong women.
How can we help these children? Their lives and struggle shouldn’t just be entertainment for us.
I hope the crew filiming this bought the girls a boat.
Me dejó asombrado este documental y me dio mucha tristeza como sufren muchos niños en el mundo por qué mis 3 hijas estudian a 3 cuadras de camino UNOS 10 minutos caminando y ver a todos estos niños todo lo que se arriesgan para estudiar !!.
I'll always hate the woman for asking that poor lad "do you think he's alive". The torment he must go through thinking that to himself each day
Jack restored my faith in humanity he made my eyes water quite a few times He's amazing
The amount of trauma these kids must have from escaping from Syria on a boat I can’t imagine… I hope they get all the support they need and have wonderful lives ahead of them
Jack is such a lovely little lad, his parents should be proud!!
The boys keeping Rani from giving himself up to trouble is true friendship
murad and rani seem like the nicest young men, they’re so strong after what they went through <3
Murad is one of those good guys that just melts your heart.
Jack is so rational, kind. A beautiful child.
When Rani found out he was graduating to join his peers and started crying made me cry. He was so happy to be joining them and his best friend Jack
Murad, Jack & Rani are exceptional young people, obviously raised by equally exceptional parents, I truly believe that Jack and Rani’s friendship will last their lifetimes, I also predict that Murad will take advantage of every opportunity.
Rannie and Jack being friends makes me cry
Jack and his mum 😍😍😍 So many people judged Muslims after that attack and to see that lady be so kind and open her home to him melts my heart!
Maurd is such a lovely lad, saying he'll always be there for rani and to come to him to talk if anyone is being horrible or hes having a bad time, melted my heart bless him
Stephanie is raising a great boy in Jack and her kindness and the best of her has directly impacted so many others!
Rani and Jack are wonderful..i love seeing them together. Murad deserved a refugee status, that was a fantastic gift for them. Wishing them a Happy and Fruitful life. More videos on this specially for new students who are having a struggle.
i nearly cried when jack became friends with rani, it was so sweet
jack and rani's friendship is so wholesome i hope they're still friends now
What a lad Jack is! Bless him. Well done to his parents
When Murad says I don wanna ruin this for myself... 😭. Great kid wish him all the best
Jack : “inside he’s probably laughing” Mr Povey : “it’s really quite amusing but I need to go be angry”
REMINDER: Our goal is to create a space for constructive conversation about American history and the themes in our documentaries, as well as how they relate to the present day. With that, we reserve the right to remove comments that contai.
Why in the world would we want to defund PBS? Thank you PBS. This is a reality never taught to me in school.
How are sex workers 'morally delinquent' but those who pay for sex NOT morally delinquent? How are rape victims 'morally delinquent' but rapists aren't?
I had a racist school middle school counselor who tried to do that to my oldest . The counselor gave him an IQ test when he knew he had a bad headache. My son just filled in dots just to get the counselor to leave him alone . That creep th.
Watching this, it’s unsettling how easily eugenics can disguise itself in “progress.” It didn’t disappear it evolved. Today it can show up in quieter, more socially acceptable forms: selective reproductive technologies that subtly favor ce.
As someone said, a woman who escaped being sterilized, who became nurse and had 3 children who had all graduated from college is no more worthy of life than a young man who escaped sterilization, dropped out, and simply spent his life help.
I was surgically sterilized on March 19, 1986 by the State of California. I was aged 8 years, 9 months, 17 days. I neither knew or consented. The reason given was that I was labeled "incorrigible & socially undersirable". I even wound up w.
I was slated to be sterilized at 16 in foster care due to T1D. The obgyn talked to me, said she doesn't agree this should be done in the 1990's. But I didn't understand, all I wanted to do was go to college and kids in the future wasn't an.
I was shocked and sadden by this documentary to say the least. As a child my grandmother told me that her sister had come to work in the US for a few years when she was young. She landed in the hospital due to some health issue, appendicit.
i was adopted as an infant in 1955 by a 35 year old childless couple. Before having married at age 25, the wife's reproductive organs were removed during an emergency appendectomy, which I was told was necessary because the appendicitis wa.
New generations should go back and study their history to avoid repeating its mistakes. Thank you PBS!
My wife was pregnant with our fourth son. She was told that tests indicated the fetus may be physically deformed and he may also be born mentally "unfit" and the pregnancy should be aborted. She was outraged and so was I. My son was born w.
How did these men overlook nutrition and prenatal care? So focused on their preconceived ideas
My aunt and mother were born deaf in 1930 and 1933. The authorities tried to convince my grandmother to sterilize them because they thought they would be feeble minded. They both were very intelligent and went on to raise families. None of.
How much of the "feeble mindedness" was exposure to toxic chemicals in industrial settings?
My great grandmother grew up in Puerto Rico during their enforced eugenics system there. Her mistrust of doctors spanned well into her 80s before her death. Thank you for covering this dark period in history
My father had four sons then he was put in a mental institution for 25 years one son is a Professor of Fluid Mathematics another is a Doctor of Music 🎵🎶🎵 another is a successful businessman and I'm a humble Gardener who prides himself in h.
I graduated highschool in 2019. Its crazy that none of my history classes covered this
Interesting that the zoologist breeding fruit flies realized that the way that traits are passed down was much more complex than the science at the time.
Imagine the horrors of leaving your mansion in the morning to see the onslaught of people that fund your life and keep you wealthy, and having the audacity of being disgusted by their presence.
